New Name                         Original Name
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.t   public final android.support.v4.BuildConfig
android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$d  abstract interface android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$DialogStyle
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompatKitKat$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a      public android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b      public final android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c      public android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d      android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatIcs
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompat$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f      public android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g      android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatHoneycomb
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h      public android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatJellyBeanMr2$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i      public android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j      public android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleJellybeanMR2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m      public android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n      android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatJB
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatJB$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p      android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r      public android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatIcs$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u      android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatJellyBeanMr2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v      public android.support.v4.BuildConfig$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w      android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleJellybeanMR2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x      android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompatKitKat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y      android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__0     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__1     android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__2     public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__3     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintButton$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__4     public android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompatIcs$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__5     android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatICS
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__6     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatIceCreamSandwich$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__7     public android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__8     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.AppWidgetService
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval___     public android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b     public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__d     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi8$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__e     public android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__f     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuItemView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__g     public android.support.v7.internal.view.ActionBarPolicy$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__h     public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__i     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__j     android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompatKitKat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__k     android.support.v4.provider.SingleDocumentFile
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__l     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorContentParent$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__m     android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__n     public android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__o     public android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__p     public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__q     public final android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__r     public android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__s     public android.support.v4.app.ServiceCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__t     public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatKitKat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__u     public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__v     public abstract android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__w     public android.support.v4.util.TimeUtils$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__x     public android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__y     public android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompat$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__z     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ContentFrameLayout$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a0     public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a1     android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatIcs
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a3     public android.support.v4.widget.ListViewAutoScrollHelper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a5     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a6     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a7     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a8     public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a_     public android.support.v7.widget.WindowCallbackWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_aa     public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ab     public android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatIcs$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ac     public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ad     public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ag     public android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ah     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ai     public abstract android.support.v4.media.TransportController
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_aj     public android.support.v4.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ak     public android.support.v4.app.BackStackState$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_al     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$15$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_am     public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an     public android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ao     public android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ap     public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_aq     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_at     public android.support.v4.util.LogWriter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_av     public android.support.v7.internal.view.ActionBarPolicy
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_aw     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ax     public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ay     android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_az     android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi19
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b0     public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b1     android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2Stub
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b3     public abstract android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuPresenter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b4     com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.AppWidgetRemoteViewsFactory
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b5     public final android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b6     public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b7     public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatJellybean$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b8     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintTypedArray
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b9     public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatJellybean$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ba     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bb     android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bc     public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bd     final android.support.v4.app.FragmentState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_be     public android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bf     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintEditText
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bg     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bh     android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bi     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bj     public android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bk     public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bl     public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bm     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$11$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bn     public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatICS$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bo     public android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bp     public android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bq     android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcs
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_br     public abstract android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bt     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintMultiAutoCompleteTextView$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bv     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bw     public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatHoneycomb$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bx     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bz     public android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c0     android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatIcs
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c1     public android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c2     public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorContentParent
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c3     public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c4     public android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c6     public android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c7     final android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerJellybeanMr1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c8     final android.support.v4.widget.SwipeProgressBar
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9     public final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c_     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cb     public android.support.v4.database.DatabaseUtilsCompat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cd     public android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ce     public abstract android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cf     public android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cg     public android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ch     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMainDialog$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ci     public final android.support.v4.util.Pools
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ck     public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cl     android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderJellybean
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cm     public android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cn     public android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cp     android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatIcsMr1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cq     android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cr     public android.support.v4.util.LongSparseArray$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cs     public android.support.v4.util.Pair
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ct     abstract android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cu     public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cv     android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatJellyBean
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cx     public android.support.v4.widget.ListViewAutoScrollHelper$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cy     public android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cz     public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d0     android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatJellybean
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d1     public android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2     public android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d3     public android.support.v4.util.ContainerHelpers$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d4     public android.support.v4.content.Loader$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d5     public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d6     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d7     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d8     android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompatHoneycomb
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d9     public android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d_     android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatJB
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_da     public android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_db     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dc     public android.support.v4.app.SuperNotCalledException$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dd     public android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_de     android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatIceCreamSandwich
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_df     public android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dg     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dh     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.CompatTextView$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_di     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dj     public android.support.v4.util.AtomicFile
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dk     public android.support.v4.util.DebugUtils$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dl     android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dm     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dn     public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_do     public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dp     public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dq     android.support.v4.provider.TreeDocumentFile
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dr     public android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ds     public android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dt     public android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_du     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObjectActionBridge
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dv     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dw     public android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dx     android.support.v4.util.ContainerHelpers
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dy     public android.support.v4.app.ServiceCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dz     android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e0     public android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e1     public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e2     public abstract android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e3     public android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e4     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityEditor$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e5     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.BackupExport$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e7     android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e8     android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e9     android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatEclair
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e_     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ea     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eb     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.RtlSpacingHelper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ec     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ef     public android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eg     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eh     android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ei     android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej     android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ek     public android.support.v7.widget.CardViewImpl$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_el     public android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_em     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuPresenter$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_en     public android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eo     public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ep     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuDialogHelper$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eq     public android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatICS
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_er     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_es     android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawableV21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_et     public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eu     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SyncJobService$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ev     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckBox
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ew     public android.support.v7.widget.PositionMap$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex     android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ey     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ez     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.AppWidgetService$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f1     public android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f2     public android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerJellybeanMr1$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f3     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f4     final android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f5     public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f6     public android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f7     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f8     android.support.v4.app.NoSaveStateFrameLayout
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f9     android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f_     public android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fa     android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fb     public android.support.v7.appcompat.BuildConfig$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fc     public android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fd     public android.support.v7.widget.LinearSmoothScroller$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fe     public android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ff     public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fh     public android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fi     public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fj     android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatJellyBean
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fl     final android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fm     android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fn     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckBox$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fo     public android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fp     android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fq     public android.support.v7.widget.LayoutState$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fr     android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fs     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fu     public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fw     public abstract interface android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fx     public android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fy     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fz     public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g0     public abstract android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g1     public android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g2     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g3     public android.support.v7.widget.ScrollbarHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g4     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyActionBarActivity$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g5     public android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g7     public android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g8     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g9     android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatEclair
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g_     public android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatHoneycomb$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ga     public abstract android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gb     public android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gc     android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi22
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gd     public android.support.v4.content.FileProvider
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ge     public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gf     android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gh     android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gi     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gj     public final android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gk     abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.CardViewImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gl     public android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorCallback$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gm     android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gn     android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_go     android.support.v7.internal.widget.DrawableWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gp     android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gq     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gr     final android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gs     android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcsMr1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gt     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv     abstract android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gw     public android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gx     public android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gy     public abstract android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gz     public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h0     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ResourcesWrapper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h1     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintImageView$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h2     public android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h3     public final android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h4     public android.support.v4.util.SparseArrayCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h5     public android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h6     android.support.v7.widget.LayoutState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h7     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.GoogleBackupAgent
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h9     android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h_     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewUtils
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ha     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hb     public final android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hc     public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hd     public android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he     public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hf     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObjectActionBridge$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hg     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.DbBackupHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hh     public android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi     public abstract android.support.v7.app.ActionBar
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hj     android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hk     public android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hm     public abstract android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hn     android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatKitKat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ho     public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable21$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hp     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyPreferenceActivity$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hq     android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hr     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRadioButton$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hs     public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ht     public android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hu     public final android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hv     public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hw     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$10$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hx     public android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hy     public abstract interface android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i0     public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i1     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackupNew$4
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i3     public android.support.v4.provider.SingleDocumentFile$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i4     android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatIcs
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i5     public android.support.v4.util.DebugUtils
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i6     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatIcs$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i7     android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatHoneycomb
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i9     public android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i_     android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatHoneycomb
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ia     public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ib     public android.support.v4.util.SparseArrayCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ic     public android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompatKitKat$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ie     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_if     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintAutoCompleteTextView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ig     public android.support.v7.widget.CardViewEclairMr1$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ih     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintAutoCompleteTextView$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ij     android.support.v4.view.GravityCompatJellybeanMr1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ik     android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompatJellybeanMr1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_il     android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_im     public android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_in     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawableV21$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_io     abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ip     public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_iq     com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.DbBackupHelper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ir     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_is     public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it     public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_iw     public android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ix     public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_iy     public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatHoneycombMR2$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_iz     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j0     android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellyBean
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j1     public android.support.v4.view.GravityCompatJellybeanMr1$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j2     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatJellyBean$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j3     public android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j4     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j5     public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j6     public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j7     public android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j8     public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICS$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j9     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckedTextView$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j_     android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperICS
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ja     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jb     public android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jd     public android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_je     public android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jf     android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompatHoneycomb
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jg     public android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jh     public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatApi21$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ji     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jj     android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jk     public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2Stub$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jl     public android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jn     public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jp     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyUtil
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jq     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jr     public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jt     android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatJellybeanMR2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ju     abstract android.support.v7.app.DrawerArrowDrawable
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jv     public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatExtras
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jw     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jx     public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jy     public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jz     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintResources$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k0     public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k1     public android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k2     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k3     public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k4     public android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k5     public android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k6     public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatGingerbread$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k7     public android.support.v4.app.NavUtils
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k8     public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatHoneycomb$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9     public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k_     public android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ka     android.support.v7.widget.CardViewJellybeanMr1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kb     android.support.v7.widget.RoundRectDrawableWithShadow
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kc     android.support.v7.widget.RoundRectDrawable
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kd     public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ke     android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kf     public android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kg     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.AppWidget$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kh     public android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ki     public android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kl     public android.support.v4.util.LruCache$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_km     android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kn     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kp     android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatEclairMr1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kq     public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kr     abstract android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ks     android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderHoneycomb
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kt     public android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ku     public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kv     public android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kw     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewUtils$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kx     public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ky     public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kz     public android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l0     public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatL$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l1     public android.support.v7.internal.VersionUtils
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l2     public android.support.v7.internal.view.StandaloneActionMode$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l3     public android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l4     public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l5     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintMultiAutoCompleteTextView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l6     public abstract android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l7     public android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l8     public final android.support.v7.recyclerview.BuildConfig
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l9     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l_     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_la     public android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lb     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$3$1$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lc     public android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_le     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuWrapperICS$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lf     public abstract android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lg     public android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_li     android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lj     public final android.support.v7.cardview.BuildConfig
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lk     android.support.v7.widget.ChildHelper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ll     public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lm     android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ln     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lo     public abstract android.support.v7.widget.LinearSmoothScroller
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lp     public android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lq     public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lr     public android.support.v7.internal.text.AllCapsTransformationMethod$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ls     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lt     public android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompatKitKat$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lu     public android.support.v7.internal.transition.ActionBarTransition$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lv     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.FloatingWindowService$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lw     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ExperienceEnhanceService$1$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lx     android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ly     public android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lz     public android.support.v4.app.NavUtilsJB$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m0     android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatKitKat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m1     android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m2     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m4     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m5     android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m6     public android.support.v7.widget.CardViewJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m7     public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m8     public android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m9     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContainer$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m_     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ma     public android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mb     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mc     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyUtil$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md     public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_me     public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateHC$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mf     android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mg     public android.support.v7.widget.OpReorderer$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mh     public android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mi     public abstract android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mj     public android.support.v4.content.pm.ActivityInfoCompat$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mk     public android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi21$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ml     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.BackupObject$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mm     public android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mn     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo     android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mp     public abstract android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mq     android.support.v7.internal.app.NavItemSelectedListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mr     public android.support.v7.view.CollapsibleActionView$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ms     android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mt     android.support.v4.app.NavUtilsJB
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mu     public android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mv     android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatL
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mw     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatExtras$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mx     public android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_my     android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatGingerbread
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mz     public android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0     public abstract android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n2     public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n3     public android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompatHoneycomb$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n4     android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICS
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n5     android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatHoneycomb
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n6     android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatKitKat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n8     public android.support.v4.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n9     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperFactory$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n_     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatIcs$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nb     public android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nc     public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nd     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObject$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ne     android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatJellybean
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ng     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nh     public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ni     public android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nj     public android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nk     public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nl     public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nm     public final android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperFactory
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_np     public android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nr     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintTypedArray$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ns     android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatIcs
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nt     public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nu     android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nv     android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatIcs
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nw     public android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatIcs$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx     public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ny     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckedTextView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nz     final android.support.v4.widget.BakedBezierInterpolator
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o0     public android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1     public android.support.v7.widget.SearchView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o2     public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatEclairMr1$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o4     android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o5     public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o6     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintImageView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o7     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellyBean$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o8     public android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o9     public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o_     public android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatKitKat$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oc     public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatHoneycombMr1$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oe     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ContentFrameLayout
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_og     public android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oh     public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorToolbar
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oi     public android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oj     android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ok     public android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ol     public android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatEclair$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_om     abstract interface android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_on     public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatJellybeanMR2$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_op     public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oq     android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompatKitKat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_or     public android.support.v7.internal.VersionUtils$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_os     public android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ot     android.support.v7.widget.CardViewApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ov     public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ow     android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ox     public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oy     public android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz     public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p0     public android.support.v7.widget.RoundRectDrawableWithShadow$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p1     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcsMr1$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p2     android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi22
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p3     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorToolbar$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p5     android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatIcs
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p8     public android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p9     public android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pa     public final android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pc     public android.support.v4.provider.RawDocumentFile$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pd     public android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pe     abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pf     public android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ph     public android.support.v4.util.Pair$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pi     android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatGingerbread
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pj     public android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pk     public android.support.v4.view.WindowCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pl     public android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pm     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.AppWidgetRemoteViewsFactory$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pn     public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_po     public android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pp     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pq     public android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pr     public android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi19$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ps     android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJB
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pt     abstract android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pu     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pv     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperICS$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pw     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_px     public android.support.v4.media.TransportPerformer$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_py     public android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz     public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q0     android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatApi20
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q1     abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q2     android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuWrapperICS
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q3     public android.support.v4.view.MenuCompat$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q4     public android.support.v4.content.CursorLoader$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q5     public android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q6     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackupNew$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q7     public android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q8     android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q9     public android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q_     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuItemView$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qa     public android.support.v4.app.BundleUtil$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qb     public android.support.v4.database.DatabaseUtilsCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qc     android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintDrawableWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qd     android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatHoneycomb
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qe     public android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qf     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRatingBar
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qg     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRadioButton
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qi     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qj     public android.support.v4.util.AtomicFile$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qk     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qm     public android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompatJellybeanMr1$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qn     public android.support.v4.util.CircularArray
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qo     public android.support.v7.internal.view.StandaloneActionMode
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qp     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$3$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qq     public android.support.v7.cardview.BuildConfig$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qr     android.support.v7.widget.CardViewEclairMr1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qs     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMainDialog
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qt     public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatFroyo$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qu     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qv     public android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qw     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyActionBarActivity
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qx     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qy     android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatICS
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r0     public abstract interface android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r1     public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r2     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.LaunchServiceAtStartup$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r3     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r4     public android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r5     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r6     public android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatICS$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r8     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r9     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r_     public android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rb     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintDrawableWrapper$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rc     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi22$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rd     public android.support.v7.internal.app.NavItemSelectedListener$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_re     public android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rf     public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rg     public android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rh     public android.support.v4.util.TimeUtils
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rj     public android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rk     public android.support.v4.util.Pools$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rm     android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rn     public android.support.v4.app.ListFragment$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ro     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rp     public abstract android.support.v4.provider.DocumentFile
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rq     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi22$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rr     public android.support.v4.content.Loader
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rs     android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatHoneycombMr1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rt     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ru     public final android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rv     android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatHC
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rw     public android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatICS$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rx     public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ry     android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatHoneycomb
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rz     public android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s0     public android.support.v7.widget.CardView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s2     public final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s3     public android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s4     public android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s5     abstract android.support.v4.util.MapCollections
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s6     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.CompatTextView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s7     public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatKitKat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s8     android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s9     public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatKitKat$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s_     public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sa     public android.support.v4.content.CursorLoader
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sb     public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sc     public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sd     abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_se     public android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sf     public android.support.v7.internal.text.AllCapsTransformationMethod
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sg     android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatHoneycomb
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sh     android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_si     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sj     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$5$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sk     public android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sl     android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sm     public android.support.v4.media.TransportController$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp     public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sq     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawable$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sr     public abstract interface android.support.v7.view.CollapsibleActionView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ss     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_st     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_su     public android.support.v4.util.CircularArray$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sv     public android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompatKitKat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sx     public android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sy     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sz     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t0     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$6
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t1     public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t2     public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJellybeanMr2$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t3     public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t4     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr2$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t6     public android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t7     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t8     public android.support.v7.widget.CardViewApi21$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t9     public android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ta     public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatGingerbread$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tb     public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tc     final android.support.v4.app.SuperNotCalledException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_td     public android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICS$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_te     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tf     public android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tg     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_th     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.Storage$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ti     public android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tj     public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tl     public android.support.v7.internal.transition.ActionBarTransition
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tm     android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatKitKat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tn     public android.support.v4.util.LogWriter$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_to     public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tp     public final android.support.v7.appcompat.BuildConfig
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tq     public android.support.v4.view.WindowCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tr     public android.support.v7.widget.RoundRectDrawable$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ts     public android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tt     public android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tu     public android.support.v7.widget.ChildHelper$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tv     final android.support.v4.app.BackStackState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ty     android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateHC
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tz     android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompatKitKat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u0     android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u1     android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompatIcs
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u2     public android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u4     android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u5     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u6     public android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u7     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u8     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackupNew
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u_     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.GoogleBackupAgent$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ub     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintSpinner$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uc     android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ud     android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ue     android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatGingerbread
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uf     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ug     public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uh     public android.support.v4.widget.BakedBezierInterpolator$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ui     public android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uj     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uk     public android.support.v4.widget.SwipeProgressBar$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ul     public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_um     public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_un     public android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uo     public android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_up     android.support.v7.widget.PositionMap
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uq     public android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ur     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_us     public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ut     public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompat$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uu     public android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uv     public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uw     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ux     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRatingBar$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uz     public android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatHoneycomb$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v0     public android.support.v4.app.Fragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v1     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v2     public abstract android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v3     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v4     android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatGingerbread
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v5     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatGingerbread$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v6     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v7     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v8     public android.support.v4.provider.TreeDocumentFile$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v9     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItem
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v_     android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatFroyo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vb     android.support.v4.provider.RawDocumentFile
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vc     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyPreferenceActivity
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vd     public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListenerAdapter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ve     public android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vf     android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawable
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vg     public android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vh     public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vi     public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj     public android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vk     android.support.v7.widget.OpReorderer
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vl     public android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vm     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vn     android.support.v4.app.BundleUtil
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vo     public android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatIcsMr1$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vp     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuDialogHelper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vq     public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vr     public android.support.v4.app.NoSaveStateFrameLayout$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vs     android.support.v7.internal.widget.ResourcesWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vt     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.RtlSpacingHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vv     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vw     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vx     public android.support.v4.util.LruCache
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vy     public android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatGingerbread$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vz     abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w0     public android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatIcsMr1$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w1     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$9$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w2     android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w3     public android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w4     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w5     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.Storage
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w6     public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi21$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w7     public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w8     public android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w9     public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatJellyBean$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w_     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wa     public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wb     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wc     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wd     android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_we     public android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wf     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintEditText$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wg     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wh     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wi     public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wj     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wk     public android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wl     public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wm     android.support.v7.widget.ScrollbarHelper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wn     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi8
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wo     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintButton
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wp     public android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderHoneycomb$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wq     public abstract android.support.v7.view.ActionMode
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wr     public android.support.v4.util.LongSparseArray
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ws     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wt     android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJellybeanMr2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wv     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseWrapper$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ww     abstract android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wx     public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListenerAdapter$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy     public android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wz     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.CBWatcherService$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x0     public android.support.v4.media.RatingCompatApi21$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x1     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObject
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x3     public abstract android.support.v4.media.TransportPerformer
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x4     public android.support.v7.widget.WindowCallbackWrapper$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x5     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x6     public android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderJellybean$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x7     public android.support.v4.app.Fragment
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x8     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x9     public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x_     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xa     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xb     public android.support.v7.app.DrawerArrowDrawable$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xc     public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xd     public android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xe     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatEclair$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xf     android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatHoneycombMR2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xg     public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xh     public android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xi     android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatEclair
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xj     android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xk     public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.BuildConfig
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xl     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.BuildConfig$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xn     android.support.v4.media.RatingCompatApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xp     public abstract android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xr     public android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu     public android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xv     public android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xw     public android.support.v7.widget.CardView$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xx     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.BackupObject
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xy     public android.support.v4.view.MenuCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xz     android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y0     android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y1     public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y2     public android.support.v4.provider.DocumentFile$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y3     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y4     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y5     public abstract interface android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y6     android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y7     android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatFroyo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y8     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$ClipCardAdapter$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y9     public android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y_     public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ya     public android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yb     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ExperienceEnhanceService$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yc     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yd     public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ye     public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yf     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.DrawableWrapper$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yg     public android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatFroyo$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yh     public android.support.v7.recyclerview.BuildConfig$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yi     public android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompatApi21$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yj     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintSpinner
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yk     public android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yl     public android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ym     public android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yo     public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutImpl$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yp     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yq     public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatApi20$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ys     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yu     android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatIcsMr1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yw     public android.support.v4.app.FragmentState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yx     public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yy     public android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yz     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivitySetting$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z0     public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContainer
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z2     public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z3     public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z4     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z5     public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z6     public android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z8     public android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z9     public android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z_     public abstract interface android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zb     public android.support.v4.content.pm.ActivityInfoCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zc     public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zd     android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintResources
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zf     public android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zg     public android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zh     public android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zi     public android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zj     public android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zl     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItem$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zm     public android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zn     public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatIcs$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zo     android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICS
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zp     public android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zq     public android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu$ParseException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zr     public abstract android.support.v4.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zs     public android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$NullPointerException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zt     public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuWrapper$IOException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zu     public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.BackupExport
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zv     public android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zw     public android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatEclair$Exception
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zy     android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompatApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zz     android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatHC
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c$1    android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c$g    public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Delegate
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c$k    android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplJellybeanMR2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c$m    public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DelegateProvider
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c$p    android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c$r    android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplHC
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c$w    android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$SlideDrawable
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c$z    abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f$k    abstract interface android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f$o    android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoJellyBeanMr2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f$r    android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoIcsImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f$w    android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoStubImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l$y    android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$SharedElementCallback21Impl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p$k    android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallbackImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p$x    public abstract android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s$i    android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$ActivityOptionsImpl21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s$o    android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$ActivityOptionsImplJB
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y$p    android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__1$1   final android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__7$d   public android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper$CallbackWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$1   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$b   abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$TmpDelegateProvider
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$f   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DummyDelegate
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$g   public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DelegateProvider
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$i   public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Delegate
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$k   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ToolbarCompatDelegate
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$l   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$JellybeanMr2Delegate
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$t   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$HoneycombDelegate
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$u   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DrawerArrowDrawableToggle
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$w   abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DrawerToggle
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__m$u   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$CollectionItemInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__n$d   public android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$LayoutParams
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__n$h   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$SpanSizeLookup
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__n$s   public final android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$DefaultSpanSizeLookup
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__q$t   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__v$c   final android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__x$f   android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$IcsViewConfigurationVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__x$h   android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$FroyoViewConfigurationVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__x$q   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$ViewConfigurationVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__x$v   android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$BaseViewConfigurationVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__x$x   android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$HoneycombViewConfigurationVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ac$r   public abstract android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ad$1   android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ag$l   public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$CursorToStringConverter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ag$n   public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$ViewBinder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$1   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$2   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$3   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$4   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$4
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$5   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$5
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$6   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$6
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$7   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$7
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$8   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$8
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$a   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$VpaListenerAdapter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$v   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$MoveInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$w   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$ChangeInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ay$1   final android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b5$1   android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bb$b   android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$CallbackProxy
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bb$d   public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$RouteInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bb$k   public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$IsConnectingWorkaround
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bb$p   public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$ActiveScanWorkaround
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bb$v   public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$Callback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bd$1   final android.support.v4.app.FragmentState$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bh$l   android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView$OvalShadow
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$1   android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$f   abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$h   android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControlsBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$i   android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$j   public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$r   android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$t   public final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$PlaybackInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$z   public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControls
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ce$1   final android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ce$2   final android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ci$d   public android.support.v4.util.Pools$SimplePool
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ci$v   public abstract interface android.support.v4.util.Pools$Pool
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ci$y   public android.support.v4.util.Pools$SynchronizedPool
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cn$1   android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cn$2   android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cn$o   final android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$NonConfigurationInstances
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cq$1   android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cq$2   android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cq$g   public abstract interface android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$OnPrintFinishCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ct$g   android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$RecycleBin
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ct$o   android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cy$e   android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplIcs
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cy$o   android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cy$s   abstract interface android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$1   android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$2   android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$3   android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$e   android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ListSelectorHider
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$f   android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupDataSetObserver
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$i   android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$DropDownListView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$j   android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupTouchInterceptor
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$n   android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupScrollListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$z   android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ResizePopupRunnable
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d6$f   android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19$OnMetadataUpdateListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d9$1   android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d9$c   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnDismissListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d9$r   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnMenuItemClickListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_db$c   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordIcsImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_db$f   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordIcsMr1Impl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_db$g   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordJellyBeanImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_db$l   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordStubImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dg$k   android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$MenuAdapter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dl$h   final android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter$ChildViewCache
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dt$b   abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$PopupWindowImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dt$m   android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$KitKatPopupWindowImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dt$s   android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$BasePopupWindowImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_du$1   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObjectActionBridge$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dw$1   android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dw$a   android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicLocale
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dw$g   abstract android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dw$k   android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicInternal
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dw$m   android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$AnyStrong
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dw$o   android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$FirstStrong
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dw$t   abstract interface android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionAlgorithm
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dz$i   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20$Builder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e0$d   abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e0$j   android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$BaseEdgeEffectImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e0$t   android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectIcsImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e2$b   public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$1   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$_   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$PopupPresenterCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$c   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionButtonSubmenu
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$n   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OpenOverflowRunnable
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$w   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowPopup
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$z   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionMenuPopupCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eh$1   final android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eh$a   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerBridge
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$_   public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$Callback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$d   android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$CallbackProxy
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$i   public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$SelectRouteWorkaround
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$l   public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$GetDefaultRouteWorkaround
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$p   public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$VolumeCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$q   public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteCategory
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$u   public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteGroup
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$z   public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$UserRouteInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eo$_   android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$BaseMenuVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eo$f   public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eo$m   android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$HoneycombMenuVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eo$q   android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eo$w   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$MenuVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_er$k   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_er$l   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderStubImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_er$x   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_er$y   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$1   android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$2   android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$a   android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$b   android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropDownAdapter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$j   android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$l   android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DialogPopup
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$x   abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SpinnerPopup
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f4$1   android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f4$2   android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f4$3   android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f4$4   android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$4
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f4$5   android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$5
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f4$d   android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$FragmentTag
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f5$w   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f9$s   final android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fa$1   final android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fa$z   public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$AccessibilityDelegateBridge
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fl$1   android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fl$2   android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fl$3   android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fl$c   final android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$Op
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fl$v   public android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fm$1   final android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fm$d   public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityDelegateBridgeJellyBean
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fr$e   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$CollectionItemInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fr$j   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$RangeInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fr$p   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$CollectionInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$1   android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$d   android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$e   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$f   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BigPictureStyle
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$g   android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplIceCreamSandwich
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$h   android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplApi20
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$i   public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$WearableExtender
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$l   android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplKitKat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$m   public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$n   android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$r   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$s   abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$t   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$InboxStyle
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fy$1   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fy$d   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$MenuBuilderCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fy$e   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$ActionMenuPresenterCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fy$t   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$ActionMenuChildView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fy$v   public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$LayoutParams
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fy$x   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fz$1   android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fz$_   android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fz$c   android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$DummyTabFactory
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fz$s   final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g0$1   android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g0$n   android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$NotificationSideChannelStub
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g5$1   android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ga$1   android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ga$i   android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ClampedScroller
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ga$t   android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ScrollAnimationRunnable
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gd$k   android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$SimplePathStrategy
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gd$v   abstract interface android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$PathStrategy
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gf$1   android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gf$2   android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gf$3   android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gf$d   public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$ProgressDrawableSize
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gf$e   android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$EndCurveInterpolator
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gf$t   android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gf$u   android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$StartCurveInterpolator
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gn$n   abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter$CursorFilterClient
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gp$p   android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$QueueItem
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gp$t   android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$CallbackProxy
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gp$x   public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$Callback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gr$1   final android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv$1   final android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv$2   android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv$3   android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv$4   android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$4
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv$o   abstract android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$WorkerRunnable
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv$q   android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$InternalHandler
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv$x   public final android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv$z   android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$AsyncTaskResult
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gy$_   android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$JellybeanMr1Impl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gy$f   android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$LegacyImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h3$1   final android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hb$1   android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hb$f   public final android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$Builder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hb$m   android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$DirectionalityEstimator
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$1   final android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$2   final android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$3   android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$_   android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$MyAccessibilityDelegate
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$c   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SimpleOnPageChangeListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$d   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$e   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$LayoutParams
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$l   android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$o   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$Decor
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$s   public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$t   android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PagerObserver
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi$j   public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$DisplayOptions
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi$k   public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$TabListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi$p   public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$NavigationMode
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi$q   public android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi$r   public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi$t   abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Callback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi$z   public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hj$o   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat$Builder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hm$1   android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hm$j   android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$ChangeObserver
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hm$v   android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$MyDataSetObserver
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hq$e   android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21$InsetsListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hu$1   android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hu$_   final android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hu$k   final android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperStubImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hu$l   public abstract interface android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i0$c   public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$BackStackEntry
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i0$x   public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i9$b   android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$MenuState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i9$w   android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$InflatedOnMenuItemClickListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_is$i   public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$LayoutParams
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_is$n   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$OrientationMode
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_is$x   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$DividerMode
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$1   android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$_   android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$KitKatViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$p   android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$r   android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$v   android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$JBViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$w   android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$JBMr2ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_iw$1   final android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ix$d   android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ix$f   android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplICS
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ix$g   android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplJB
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ix$v   abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ix$x   public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentReader
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ix$y   public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j3$c   abstract interface android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j3$l   android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplJellybean
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j3$r   public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$SupportParentable
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j3$v   android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j3$y   android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplHoneycomb
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j7$1   android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j7$f   android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$BroadcastRecord
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j7$q   android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$ReceiverRecord
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jb$h   android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$HoneycombVelocityTrackerVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jb$t   android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$BaseVelocityTrackerVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_je$1   android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_je$2   android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jp$u   public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyUtil$ResizeWidthAnimation
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k3$h   abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction$Transit
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k4$j   android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k4$k   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k5$h   android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplHC
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k5$i   abstract interface android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k5$q   android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplIcsMr1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k5$r   android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k7$b   abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k7$g   android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k7$k   android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImplJB
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9$_   android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatIcsImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9$a   android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatStubImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9$n   public abstract android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9$p   android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9$u   abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9$z   public abstract android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k_$1   android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ka$1   android.support.v7.widget.CardViewJellybeanMr1$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kb$u   abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.RoundRectDrawableWithShadow$RoundRectHelper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ke$p   public android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21$Builder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kf$c   abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$PopupMenuImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kf$d   android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$KitKatPopupMenuImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kf$g   android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$BasePopupMenuImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_km$1   final android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_km$2   final android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_km$a   abstract interface android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$UtteranceProgressListenerICSMR1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kr$1   android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kr$j   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$VisibilityAnimListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l3$_   android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplIcs
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l3$e   abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l3$j   android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l3$u   android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplGingerbread
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l6$1   android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l6$k   public abstract android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$Callback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lf$1   android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lf$_   android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$ExploreByTouchNodeProvider
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_li$z   android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB$ActionProviderWrapperJB
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lk$g   android.support.v7.widget.ChildHelper$Bucket
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lk$o   abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ChildHelper$Callback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ll$k   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lm$p   android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs$SingleLineAllCapsTransform
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ly$1   android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ly$2   android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m5$b   android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$OnActionExpandListenerWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m5$z   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$SupportActionExpandProxy
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m8$f   abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$ListPopupWindowImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m8$q   android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$BaseListPopupWindowImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m8$x   android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$KitKatListPopupWindowImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$1   android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$_   android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplJBMR1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$a   android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$DisableLayerRunnable
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$b   android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$DragHelperCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$c   android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplJB
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$d   android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$k   public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$q   public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SimplePanelSlideListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$s   android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$t   public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$LayoutParams
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$u   android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$AccessibilityDelegate
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mf$1   final android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$1   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$2   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$3   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$4   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$4
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$a   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ActionModeCallbackWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$b   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ListMenuDecorView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$d   final android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$g   final android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ActionMenuPresenterCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$i   final android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelMenuPresenterCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ms$1   android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ms$2   android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ms$3   android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ms$4   android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$4
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0$1   android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0$b   android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$AdapterDataSetObserver
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0$c   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0$l   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$AdapterContextMenuInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0$o   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemLongClickListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0$q   android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$SelectionNotifier
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0$z   android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListenerWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$c   android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplEclair
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$j   abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$n   android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$NotifyTask
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$w   android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$CancelTask
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$x   android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplIceCreamSandwich
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$z   abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Impl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ni$n   android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ni$t   android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImplJbMr1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ni$y   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nj$_   public android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21$Builder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nl$k   android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$HoneycombMR2ConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nl$l   android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$JellyBeanConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nl$r   android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$BaseConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nl$u   abstract interface android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$ConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nu$b   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean$Builder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$a   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ResolvedLayoutDirectionMode
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$e   android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ICSViewCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$f   android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JbMr1ViewCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$i   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$OverScroll
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$k   android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$EclairMr1ViewCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$o   android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$BaseViewCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$r   android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$KitKatViewCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$s   android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$Api21ViewCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$t   android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$HCViewCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$u   android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JBViewCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$v   android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$GBViewCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$w   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$AccessibilityLiveRegion
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$1   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$2   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$3   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$4   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$4
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$5   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$5
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$6   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$6
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$7   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$7
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$8   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$8
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$9   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$9
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$d   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$AutoCompleteTextViewReflector
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$r   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$t   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$u   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$1   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$a   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoApi21Impl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$g   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoApi22Impl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$k   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$RangeInfoCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$l   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoKitKatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$p   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$v   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionItemInfoCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$w   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$x   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityActionCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$y   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionInfoCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o4$p   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21$Builder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o5$f   android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2Impl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o5$j   android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatHCImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o5$m   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o5$u   android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatIcsImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o5$v   android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatApi21Impl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o5$x   android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatStubImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o9$1   android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o9$a   public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutChunkResult
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o9$c   android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o9$f   android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o9$r   android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oj$w   public abstract android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_op$_   abstract interface android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$BitmapImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_op$j   android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$JbMr2BitmapCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_op$t   android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$HcMr1BitmapCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_op$x   android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$KitKatBitmapCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_op$y   android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$BaseBitmapImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oy$1   android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oy$i   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$ScaleGestureDetectorImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oy$q   android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oy$w   android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$BaseScaleGestureDetectorImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$1   android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$2   android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$3   final android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$4   android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$4
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$5   android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$5
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$_   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemDecoration
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$a   android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewFlinger
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$b   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$d   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnScrollListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$e   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$h   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$i   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$j   android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimatorRestoreListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$k   public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutParams
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$l   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnItemTouchListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$o   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$p   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$q   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$AdapterDataObserver
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$r   public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$u   public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$w   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewCacheExtension
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$y   android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$AdapterDataObservable
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6$1   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6$f   public final android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityResolveInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6$l   public final android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$HistoricalRecord
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6$n   final android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$PersistHistoryAsyncTask
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6$u   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityChooserModelClient
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6$z   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivitySorter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pa$1   final android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pa$v   public final android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$Builder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_po$1   android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pt$1   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pt$l   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$ActionBarDrawableToggleImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pu$y   android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter$MenuAdapter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$_   public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$xml
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$f   public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$dimen
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$g   public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$style
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$k   public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$styleable
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$l   public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$layout
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$m   public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$color
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$o   public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$attr
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$q   public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$animator
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$r   public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$string
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$v   public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$bool
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$w   public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$anim
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$x   public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$id
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$z   public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$transition
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q8$m   android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q8$y   abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$Callback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q9$1   android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q9$2   android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q9$_   final android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$ActionMenuPresenterCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q9$j   android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$ToolbarCallbackWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q9$n   final android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$MenuBuilderCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q9$v   final android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$PanelMenuPresenterCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qr$1   android.support.v7.widget.CardViewEclairMr1$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qs$1   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMainDialog$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qs$2   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMainDialog$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qs$3   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMainDialog$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qv$1   android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qv$2   android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qw$1   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyActionBarActivity$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qw$2   final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyActionBarActivity$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r5$1   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rm$1   final android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ro$1   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ro$2   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ro$3   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rr$k   public final android.support.v4.content.Loader$ForceLoadContentObserver
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rr$t   public abstract interface android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCompleteListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rt$e   android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$OnActionExpandListenerWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rt$t   android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$ActionProviderWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rt$y   android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$CollapsibleActionViewWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ru$1   final android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ru$d   public final android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$Builder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s2$1   final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s2$s   public final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s2$x   public final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$Builder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s4$o   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s4$r   android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatStubImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s4$z   android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatICSImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s5$_   final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$MapIterator
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s5$d   final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$ArrayIterator
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s5$h   final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$EntrySet
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s5$y   final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$KeySet
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s5$z   final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$ValuesCollection
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s8$1   final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s8$2   final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s8$3   final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s8$4   final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$4
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s8$n   public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$ViewRetriever
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s8$s   public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$EpicenterView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s_$b   android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat$CompatCreator
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sh$1   final android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sh$_   public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$Delegate
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sl$y   public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs$MySearchView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$_   android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImplApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$e   abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$State
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$g   android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$AccessibilityDelegate
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$j   public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LayoutParams
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$l   android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$m   abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$EdgeGravity
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$o   public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$q   final android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ChildAccessibilityDelegate
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$s   abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$t   android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$u   public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$v   public abstract android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SimpleDrawerListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$z   abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LockMode
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t3$p   public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ti$1   android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ti$r   android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImplIcs
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ti$s   android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PageListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ti$u   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ti$z   android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tv$1   final android.support.v4.app.BackStackState$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u0$s   public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$UserRouteInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u0$w   public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$RouteInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u2$1   android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u2$2   android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u2$3   android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u2$e   public android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$TabImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u2$l   public android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$ActionModeImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u8$1   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackupNew$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u8$2   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackupNew$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u8$3   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackupNew$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uc$1   final android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uc$t   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ud$1   final android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ud$2   final android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ud$f   abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnCloseListenerCompatBridge
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ud$o   abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnQueryTextListenerCompatBridge
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uf$o   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout$OnActionModeForChildListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ug$_   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_up$n   android.support.v7.widget.PositionMap$ContainerHelpers
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uw$i   android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager$ColorFilterLruCache
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v2$g   public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$SubUiVisibilityListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v2$m   public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$VisibilityListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vi$u   public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj$1   android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj$2   android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj$3   android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj$d   android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$ExpandedActionViewMenuPresenter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj$n   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj$u   android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vk$b   abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.OpReorderer$Callback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vl$e   android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$EclairKeyEventVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vl$r   android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$HoneycombKeyEventVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vl$w   android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$BaseKeyEventVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vl$z   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$KeyEventVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$1   android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$g   final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$j   public final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$o   public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$q   android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$s   public final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$w   abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vw$d   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventIcsImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vw$m   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventStubImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vw$x   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w5$s   public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.Storage$StorageHelper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wc$1   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wc$2   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wc$3   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wc$4   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$4
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wc$m   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wc$x   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$LayoutParams
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wd$k   public abstract android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wd$u   public abstract android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_we$f   android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_we$m   android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImplJellybeanMr1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_we$t   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wh$1   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wh$_   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabAdapter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wh$b   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabClickListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wh$s   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$VisibilityAnimListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wj$g   public abstract android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wj$t   android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$ActionMenuItemForwardingListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wk$1   android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wk$e   android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$ShareActivityChooserModelPolicy
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wk$l   android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$ShareMenuItemOnMenuItemClickListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wk$s   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$OnShareTargetSelectedListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wl$_   android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory$DefaultRoundedBitmapDrawable
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wq$b   public abstract interface android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ws$p   public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14$Callback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$1   android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$2   android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$l   android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$n   android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$Span
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$s   android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$w   android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$AnchorInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$x   public android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LayoutParams
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x5$r   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat$GateKeeperDrawable
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x7$1   android.support.v4.app.Fragment$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x7$n   public android.support.v4.app.Fragment$InstantiationException
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x7$z   public android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x8$a   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerStubImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x8$e   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x8$q   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x8$u   public abstract android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xc$1   final android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xc$_   abstract interface android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Impl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xc$b   android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xc$d   public final android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Builder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xc$s   android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplApi20
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xc$x   android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplJellybean
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt$1   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt$2   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt$3   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt$4   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$4
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt$5   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$5
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$1   android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$2   android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$3   android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$4   android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$4
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$5   android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$5
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$6   android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$6
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$7   android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$7
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$8   android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$8
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$v   public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xz$1   final android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xz$n   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y0$c   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y3$1   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y3$2   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y3$3   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y3$4   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$4
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y3$a   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$Callbacks
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y3$b   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y3$g   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$ActivityChooserViewAdapter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y6$_   public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$PlaybackInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y6$a   public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$TransportControls
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y6$c   android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$CallbackProxy
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y6$n   public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Callback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ya$l   android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$EclairMotionEventVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ya$n   abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$MotionEventVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ya$z   android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$BaseMotionEventVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yc$b   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yc$d   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv$1   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv$2   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv$3   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv$4   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$4
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv$5   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$5
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv$6   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$6
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv$f   public abstract interface com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$SwipeListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv$q   com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$PendingDismissData
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yx$i   android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yx$p   android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yx$u   android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateStubImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z5$j   android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$KitKatDrawableImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z5$w   android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$HoneycombDrawableImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z5$x   android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$BaseDrawableImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z5$z   abstract interface android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$DrawableImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z8$1   android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z8$q   android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$IcsTrafficStatsCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z8$u   abstract interface android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$TrafficStatsCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z8$z   android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zc$s   android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18$OnPlaybackPositionUpdateListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zi$1   final android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zi$2   android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zi$x   public abstract android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$Callback
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$10  android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$10
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$11  android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$11
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$12  android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$12
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ac$r$a android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub$Proxy
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$j$g android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$MessageHandler
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$j$m android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$StubCompat
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$j$s android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$StubApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cq$2$1 android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ct$o$1 final android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eo$q$1 android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_er$k$1 android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_er$y$1 android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$a$1 android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$a$2 android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$a$3 android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$j$1 final android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$e$1 final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$e$e public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Extender
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$e$h public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$WearableExtender
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$e$k public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Builder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$m$l public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fz$_$1 final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$d$1 final android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hu$_$1 android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hu$_$2 android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$p$n android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$MyVpaListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$r$h android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$Starter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k4$j$_ android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase$GestureHandler
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9$p$1 android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9$p$2 android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$s$1 final android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$d$p android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o9$r$1 final android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oj$w$p public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$e$l public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$Action
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$h$h public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemAnimatorFinishedListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$h$k abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemAnimatorListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s2$s$1 final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s2$s$j public final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$Builder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$l$1 android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$o$1 final android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t3$p$d android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub$Proxy
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vi$u$j android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub$Proxy
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj$u$1 final android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$g$1 final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$j$1 final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$o$o android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$StubApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$q$1 android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$q$2 android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$q$r final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$Command
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$q$x android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$MessageHandler
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$s$1 final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wd$k$u public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wd$u$u public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$l$1 final android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$s$h android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x7$z$1 final android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x8$e$1 android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt$3$1 com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$3$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt$5$1 com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$5$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yx$i$1 android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yx$p$1 android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z8$z$1 android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z8$z$k android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$SocketTags
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cq$2$1$1       android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$m$l$1       final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$m$l$c       public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$Builder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$d$p$1       final android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$s$h$1       final android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt$3$1$1       com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$3$1$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$n      public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$ClipCardAdapter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$eval_x      android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControlsApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$eval_a      public abstract android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_db$eval_v      abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$eval_e      android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$eval_z      android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$eval__      android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$VolumeCallbackProxy
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$eval_b      public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$eval_f      public abstract android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$eval_i      public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Extender
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$eval_o      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BigTextStyle
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$eval_v      android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplHoneycomb
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$eval_y      android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplGingerbread
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$eval_z      android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplJellybean
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$eval_m      abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$eval_r      android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ViewPositionComparator
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$eval_y      public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PageTransformer
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi$eval_d      public abstract android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hu$eval_o      abstract interface android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$eval_d      abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jb$eval_f      abstract interface android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$VelocityTrackerVersionImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k4$eval_c      android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplJellybeanMr2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$eval_p      abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0$eval_x      public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemSelectedListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$eval_b      android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$eval_l      android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplBase
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$eval_x      android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ServiceConnectedEvent
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nl$eval_k      android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$GingerbreadConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$eval_g      abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ViewCompatImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$eval_j      abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ImportantForAccessibility
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$eval_n      abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$LayerType
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$eval_s      abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$LayoutDirectionMode
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$eval_g      public android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$eval_e      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanMr2Impl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$eval_m      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoStubImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$eval_x      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoIcsImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$eval_i      android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerViewDataObserver
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$eval_s      android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$eval_w      public final android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$eval_z      android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemHolderInfo
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6$eval_b      final android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$DefaultSorter
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6$eval_z      public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$OnChooseActivityListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$eval_d      public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$array
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$eval_g      public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$menu
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$eval_k      public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$integer
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$eval_t      public final com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$drawable
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rt$eval_h      android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$OnMenuItemClickListenerWrapper
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj$eval_m      public android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$LayoutParams
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$eval_i      android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplApi21
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$eval_l      public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$OnActiveChangeListener
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wh$eval_l      android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabView
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yx$eval__      abstract interface android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z5$eval_b      android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$LDrawableImpl
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$n$1    com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$ClipCardAdapter$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$n$2    com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$ClipCardAdapter$2
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$n$3    com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$ClipCardAdapter$3
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$n$4    com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$ClipCardAdapter$4
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$n$f    public com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$ClipCardAdapter$ClipCardViewHolder
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$eval_a$r    android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$TriggerLongPress
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$eval_a$t    android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$DisallowIntercept
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$eval_e$1    android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$eval_z$1    final android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$eval_b$i    android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$eval_s$1    final android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState$1
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$q$eval__    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$MediaSessionStub
com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.CBWatcherService$t  com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.CBWatcherService$NotificationClipListAdapter
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

android.support.v4.BuildConfig   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.BuildConfig$NullPointerException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f)
===============================================================================
  b    public static getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  f    public static getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  j    public static getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  l    public static getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  p    public static getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  q    public static flagToString(int)
  u    public static feedbackTypeToString(int)
  v    public static capabilityToString(int)
  z    public static getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoIcsImpl   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f$r)
===============================================================================
  c    public getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  f    public getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  i    public getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  j    public getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  m    public getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  z    public getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoJellyBeanMr2      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f$o)
===============================================================================
  c    public getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoStubImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f$w)
===============================================================================
  c    public getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  f    public getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  i    public getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  j    public getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  m    public getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  z    public getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoVersionImpl       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f$k)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  f    public abstract getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  i    public abstract getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  j    public abstract getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  m    public abstract getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  z    public abstract getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$NullPointerException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatIcs        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d)
===============================================================================
  e    public static getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  j    public static getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  m    public static getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  t    public static getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  z    public static getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatIcs$IOException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatJellyBeanMr2       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatJellyBeanMr2$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c)
===============================================================================
  a        setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  b        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  c        public isDrawerIndicatorEnabled()
  eval_u   setActionBarDescription(int)
  g        public syncState()
  h        public onDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  l        public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  t        static access$400(android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle)
  t        public onDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  u        public setDrawerIndicatorEnabled(boolean)
  v        private static assumeMaterial(android.content.Context)
  w        getThemeUpIndicator()
  x        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  y        public onDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)
  y        public onDrawerStateChanged(int)
  z        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImpl   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c$z)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  u    public abstract setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  u    public abstract setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplBase       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c$p)
===============================================================================
  c    public getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  u    public setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  u    public setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplHC (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c$r)
===============================================================================
  c    public getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  u    public setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  u    public setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplJellybeanMR2       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c$k)
===============================================================================
  c    public getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  u    public setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  u    public setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Delegate    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c$g)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract setActionBarDescription(int)
  e    public abstract getThemeUpIndicator()
  t    public abstract setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DelegateProvider    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c$m)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract getDrawerToggleDelegate()

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$SlideDrawable       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c$w)
===============================================================================
  i    public setOffset(float)
  l    public setPosition(float)
  s    public getPosition()
  draw public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y)
===============================================================================
  j    public static getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  p    public static setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  q    public static setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y$p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleJellybeanMR2 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w)
===============================================================================
  i    public static getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  t    public static setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  v    public static setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleJellybeanMR2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l)
===============================================================================
  b    public static finishAfterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  e    public static setEnterSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  f    public static startActivity(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  g    public static postponeEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  n    public static startPostponedEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  n    private static createCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  p    public static startActivityForResult(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent,int,android.os.Bundle)
  q    public static setExitSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  x    public static invalidateOptionsMenu(android.app.Activity)
  z    public static finishAffinity(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$ParseException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$SharedElementCallback21Impl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l$y)
===============================================================================
  f    public onMapSharedElements(java.util.List,java.util.Map)
  m    public onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot(android.view.View,android.graphics.Matrix,android.graphics.RectF)
  q    public onCreateSnapshotView(android.content.Context,android.os.Parcelable)
  q    public onSharedElementStart(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  t    public onSharedElementEnd(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  x    public onRejectSharedElements(java.util.List)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p)
===============================================================================
  a    private static createCallback(android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21)
  c    public static startPostponedEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  l    public static postponeEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  t    public static finishAfterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  t    public static setEnterSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21)
  v    public static setExitSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$Exception        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p$x)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract onMapSharedElements(java.util.List,java.util.Map)
  m    public abstract onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot(android.view.View,android.graphics.Matrix,android.graphics.RectF)
  q    public abstract onCreateSnapshotView(android.content.Context,android.os.Parcelable)
  q    public abstract onSharedElementStart(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  t    public abstract onSharedElementEnd(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  x    public abstract onRejectSharedElements(java.util.List)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallbackImpl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p$k)
===============================================================================
  onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot   public onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot(android.view.View,android.graphics.Matrix,android.graphics.RectF)
  onCreateSnapshotView             public onCreateSnapshotView(android.content.Context,android.os.Parcelable)
  onMapSharedElements              public onMapSharedElements(java.util.List,java.util.Map)
  onRejectSharedElements           public onRejectSharedElements(java.util.List)
  onSharedElementEnd               public onSharedElementEnd(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  onSharedElementStart             public onSharedElementStart(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatHoneycomb   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g)
===============================================================================
  m    static invalidateOptionsMenu(android.app.Activity)
  s    static dump(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatJB  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n)
===============================================================================
  d        public static startActivity(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_u   public static startActivityForResult(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent,int,android.os.Bundle)
  j        public static finishAffinity(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatJB$Exception        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompat     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b)
===============================================================================
  g    public static isLowRamDevice(android.app.ActivityManager)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompat$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompatKitKat       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x)
===============================================================================
  x    public static isLowRamDevice(android.app.ActivityManager)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompatKitKat$NullPointerException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s)
===============================================================================
  c    public static makeSceneTransitionAnimation(android.app.Activity,android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  e    public static makeThumbnailScaleUpAnimation(android.view.View,android.graphics.Bitmap,int,int)
  k    public toBundle()
  l    public static makeCustomAnimation(android.content.Context,int,int)
  n    public static transient makeSceneTransitionAnimation(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.util.Pair[])
  q    public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat)
  r    public static makeScaleUpAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$ActivityOptionsImpl21       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s$i)
===============================================================================
  k    public toBundle()
  q    public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$ActivityOptionsImplJB       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s$o)
===============================================================================
  k    public toBundle()
  q    public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ei)
===============================================================================
  h    public static makeSceneTransitionAnimation(android.app.Activity,android.view.View[],java.lang.String[])
  j    public static makeSceneTransitionAnimation(android.app.Activity,android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  n    public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21)
  r    public toBundle()

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gh)
===============================================================================
  c    public toBundle()
  m    public static makeCustomAnimation(android.content.Context,int,int)
  t    public static makeThumbnailScaleUpAnimation(android.view.View,android.graphics.Bitmap,int,int)
  u    public static makeScaleUpAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  z    public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ao)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fl)
===============================================================================
  b        public getBreadCrumbShortTitleRes()
  c        private static getEnterTransition(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  c        public add(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  c        private excludeHiddenFragmentsAfterEnter(android.view.View,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,int,java.lang.Object)
  c        public add(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  d        public commitAllowingStateLoss()
  e        private prepareSharedElementTransition(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.view.View,java.lang.Object,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean,java.util.ArrayList)
  e        commitInternal(boolean)
  eval_n   public show(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_q   public getBreadCrumbShortTitle()
  eval_q   private static captureExitingViews(java.lang.Object,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.util.ArrayList,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,android.view.View)
  eval_s   public isEmpty()
  eval_u   private mapEnteringSharedElements(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  f        public getId()
  f        private callSharedElementEnd(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap)
  f        private static setNameOverrides(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.ArrayList)
  f        private static setFirstOut(android.util.SparseArray,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  g        public add(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  h        public getBreadCrumbTitleRes()
  h        private calculateFragments(android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray)
  h        public setBreadCrumbTitle(int)
  h        private doAddOp(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String,int)
  h        public setCustomAnimations(int,int,int,int)
  i        private static setNameOverride(android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  i        public replace(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  l        public getBreadCrumbTitle()
  l        private configureTransitions(int,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,boolean,android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray)
  m        public getTransition()
  m        private mapSharedElementsIn(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,boolean,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  m        private setLastIn(android.util.SparseArray,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  m        public setTransitionStyle(int)
  n        public isAddToBackStackAllowed()
  n        static access$100(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState)
  n        public attach(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  n        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.PrintWriter,boolean)
  o        public disallowAddToBackStack()
  o        addOp(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$Op)
  o        public detach(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  p        public remove(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  p        private static getSharedElementTransition(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  p        bumpBackStackNesting(int)
  p        public setCustomAnimations(int,int)
  q        public commit()
  q        static access$000(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,boolean,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  q        private static getExitTransition(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  q        private beginTransition(android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray,boolean)
  q        public setBreadCrumbShortTitle(int)
  r        private setBackNameOverrides(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,boolean)
  r        private setEpicenterIn(android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState)
  r        public addSharedElement(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  r        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  s        public getName()
  s        public hide(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  s        public setBreadCrumbShortTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  t        public setBreadCrumbTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v        public calculateBackFragments(android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray)
  v        public popFromBackStack(boolean,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray)
  v        private static remapNames(java.util.ArrayList,java.util.ArrayList,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap)
  w        private excludeHiddenFragments(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,int,java.lang.Object)
  x        public getTransitionStyle()
  x        static access$300(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,int,java.lang.Object)
  x        public setTransition(int)
  x        public replace(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  y        private remapSharedElements(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  y        private setNameOverrides(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,boolean)
  y        static access$200(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap)
  z        public addToBackStack(java.lang.String)
  run      public run()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fl$1)
===============================================================================
  l    public getView()

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$2 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fl$2)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$3 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fl$3)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$IOException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$Op        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fl$c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fl$v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BackStackState    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tv)
===============================================================================
  o                public instantiate(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.BackStackState$1  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tv$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.BackStackState$ParseException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ak)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BundleUtil        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vn)
===============================================================================
  f    public static getBundleArrayFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.BundleUtil$IOException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qa)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment
===============================================================================
  a            public onDestroyView()
  c            public onStop()
  d            public getShowsDialog()
  d            public getLayoutInflater(android.os.Bundle)
  d            public setShowsDialog(boolean)
  e            public onActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  f            public isCancelable()
  f            public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  f            public show(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction,java.lang.String)
  k            public show(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager,java.lang.String)
  k            dismissInternal(boolean)
  l            public onDetach()
  n            public getTheme()
  o            public setStyle(int,int)
  r            public setCancelable(boolean)
  u            public onStart()
  u            public onAttach(android.app.Activity)
  v            public dismissAllowingStateLoss()
  w            public getDialog()
  x            public dismiss()
  y            public onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  z            public onCreateDialog(android.os.Bundle)
  onCancel     public onCancel(android.content.DialogInterface)
  onDismiss    public onDismiss(android.content.DialogInterface)

android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$DialogStyle        (android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$ParseException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.Fragment  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x7)
===============================================================================
  a                        public onDestroyView()
  a                        public setEnterSharedElementCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  a                        public final getText(int)
  a                        public setSharedElementEnterTransition(java.lang.Object)
  b                        public onResume()
  b                        public static instantiate(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  c                        public onStop()
  d                        public getLayoutInflater(android.os.Bundle)
  d                        performContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  e                        public final getTargetRequestCode()
  e                        public onActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  eval__                   performStart()
  eval_a                   public final getChildFragmentManager()
  eval_b                   public getSharedElementEnterTransition()
  eval_b                   public static instantiate(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_bp                  performReallyStop()
  eval_c                   public final getArguments()
  eval_d                   public final getResources()
  eval_d                   performActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  eval_d                   public setAllowEnterTransitionOverlap(boolean)
  eval_e                   public final getActivity()
  eval_e                   public setUserVisibleHint(boolean)
  eval_f                   public getLoaderManager()
  eval_g                   public getAllowEnterTransitionOverlap()
  eval_h                   public final isHidden()
  eval_h                   public setHasOptionsMenu(boolean)
  eval_h5                  performStop()
  eval_i                   public final isMenuVisible()
  eval_j                   public getExitTransition()
  eval_k                   instantiateChildFragmentManager()
  eval_k                   public unregisterForContextMenu(android.view.View)
  eval_l                   public final isVisible()
  eval_m                   initState()
  eval_ma                  performLowMemory()
  eval_n                   public getUserVisibleHint()
  eval_o                   final isInBackStack()
  eval_p                   public final isResumed()
  eval_q                   public final getTargetFragment()
  eval_qa                  performDestroyView()
  eval_qn                  performPause()
  eval_r                   public onPause()
  eval_s                   public final hasOptionsMenu()
  eval_s                   performCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  eval_si                  performResume()
  eval_t                   public getSharedElementReturnTransition()
  eval_t5                  performDestroy()
  eval_u                   public final getParentFragment()
  eval_v                   public final isAdded()
  eval_w                   public final isDetached()
  eval_w                   performSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  eval_x                   public getReenterTransition()
  eval_y                   public final getRetainInstance()
  eval_y                   public setReenterTransition(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z                   public getReturnTransition()
  f                        public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  f                        public onCreateAnimation(int,boolean,int)
  g                        public final isInLayout()
  h                        public final getString(int)
  i                        public final getTag()
  i                        public setTargetFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int)
  i                        public onPrepareOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  i                        findFragmentByWho(java.lang.String)
  j                        public onDestroy()
  j                        performCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu,android.view.MenuInflater)
  k                        public final getId()
  k                        public onViewStateRestored(android.os.Bundle)
  k                        public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  k                        performOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  l                        public onDetach()
  m                        public onInflate(android.app.Activity,android.util.AttributeSet,android.os.Bundle)
  m                        public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu,android.view.MenuInflater)
  n                        public setInitialSavedState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState)
  n                        performCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  n                        public setRetainInstance(boolean)
  n                        public setExitTransition(java.lang.Object)
  o                        public getEnterTransition()
  o                        performOptionsMenuClosed(android.view.Menu)
  p                        public getAllowReturnTransitionOverlap()
  p                        public startActivityForResult(android.content.Intent,int)
  p                        performConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  q                        public final isRemoving()
  q                        public startActivity(android.content.Intent)
  q                        public registerForContextMenu(android.view.View)
  q                        public onViewCreated(android.view.View,android.os.Bundle)
  r                        public setExitSharedElementCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  r                        public onContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  r                        public setEnterTransition(java.lang.Object)
  s                        final restoreViewState(android.os.Bundle)
  s                        performPrepareOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  t                        public getView()
  u                        public onStart()
  u                        public onAttach(android.app.Activity)
  u                        public setMenuVisibility(boolean)
  v                        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  w                        public onHiddenChanged(boolean)
  w                        public onActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
  w                        public setSharedElementReturnTransition(java.lang.Object)
  x                        static isSupportFragmentClass(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  x                        public setArguments(android.os.Bundle)
  x                        public onOptionsMenuClosed(android.view.Menu)
  x                        public final transient getString(int,java.lang.Object[])
  y                        public final getFragmentManager()
  y                        public onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  y                        public setAllowReturnTransitionOverlap(boolean)
  y                        final setIndex(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  z                        public onDestroyOptionsMenu()
  z                        public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  z                        public setReturnTransition(java.lang.Object)
  equals                   public final equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode                 public final hashCode()
  onConfigurationChanged   public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onCreateContextMenu      public onCreateContextMenu(android.view.ContextMenu,android.view.View,android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  onLowMemory              public onLowMemory()
  toString                 public toString()

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$1        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x7$1)
===============================================================================
  o    public hasView()
  r    public findViewById(int)

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$InstantiationException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x7$n)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x7$z)
===============================================================================
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState$1     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x7$z$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cn)
===============================================================================
  c                                doReallyStop(boolean)
  e                                public setExitSharedElementCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  eval_b                           public getSupportFragmentManager()
  eval_d                           public supportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
  eval_s                           public getLastCustomNonConfigurationInstance()
  eval_w                           public onRetainCustomNonConfigurationInstance()
  f                                public supportPostponeEnterTransition()
  f                                private static viewToString(android.view.View)
  g                                public setEnterSharedElementCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  i                                protected onPrepareOptionsPanel(android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  j                                public onAttachFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  l                                public supportFinishAfterTransition()
  l                                public startActivityFromFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.content.Intent,int)
  l                                invalidateSupportFragment(java.lang.String)
  p                                public supportStartPostponedEnterTransition()
  p                                private dumpViewHierarchy(java.lang.String,java.io.PrintWriter,android.view.View)
  t                                public getSupportLoaderManager()
  t                                getLoaderManager(java.lang.String,boolean,boolean)
  v                                protected onResumeFragments()
  z                                onReallyStop()
  dump                             public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  onActivityResult                 protected onActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
  onBackPressed                    public onBackPressed()
  onConfigurationChanged           public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onCreate                         protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreatePanelMenu                public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  onCreateView                     public onCreateView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  onDestroy                        protected onDestroy()
  onKeyDown                        public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onLowMemory                      public onLowMemory()
  onMenuItemSelected               public onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  onNewIntent                      protected onNewIntent(android.content.Intent)
  onPanelClosed                    public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  onPause                          protected onPause()
  onPostResume                     protected onPostResume()
  onPreparePanel                   public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  onResume                         protected onResume()
  onRetainNonConfigurationInstance public final onRetainNonConfigurationInstance()
  onSaveInstanceState              protected onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  onStart                          protected onStart()
  onStop                           protected onStop()
  startActivityForResult           public startActivityForResult(android.content.Intent,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$1        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cn$1)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$2        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cn$2)
===============================================================================
  o    public hasView()
  r    public findViewById(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$Exception        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ve)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$NonConfigurationInstances        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cn$o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vz)
===============================================================================
  o    public abstract hasView()
  r    public abstract findViewById(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer$NullPointerException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_la)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i0)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract getFragments()
  d        public openTransaction()
  e        public static enableDebugLogging(boolean)
  eval_t   public abstract getBackStackEntryCount()
  eval_x   public abstract executePendingTransactions()
  f        public abstract saveFragmentInstanceState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  h        public abstract findFragmentById(int)
  j        public abstract popBackStack(java.lang.String,int)
  k        public abstract findFragmentByTag(java.lang.String)
  k        public abstract popBackStackImmediate(java.lang.String,int)
  n        public abstract isDestroyed()
  o        public abstract popBackStack()
  p        public abstract putFragment(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  p        public abstract removeOnBackStackChangedListener(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener)
  p        public abstract dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  q        public abstract addOnBackStackChangedListener(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener)
  r        public abstract beginTransaction()
  s        public abstract popBackStackImmediate()
  u        public abstract getFragment(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  u        public abstract popBackStackImmediate(int,int)
  v        public abstract getBackStackEntryAt(int)
  v        public abstract popBackStack(int,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$BackStackEntry    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i0$c)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract getBreadCrumbShortTitleRes()
  eval_q   public abstract getBreadCrumbShortTitle()
  f        public abstract getId()
  h        public abstract getBreadCrumbTitleRes()
  l        public abstract getBreadCrumbTitle()
  s        public abstract getName()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$IOException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i0$x)
===============================================================================
  o    public abstract onBackStackChanged()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f4)
===============================================================================
  a            saveFragmentViewState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  a            public addFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  a            public dispatchOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  b            addBackStackState(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord)
  c            public getFragments()
  c            popBackStackState(android.os.Handler,java.lang.String,int,int)
  c            makeInactive(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  c            moveToState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int,int,boolean)
  c            public static reverseTransit(int)
  d            static makeFadeAnimation(android.content.Context,float,float)
  d            public dispatchConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  e            public showFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  eval_b       public dispatchStart()
  eval_c       getLayoutInflaterFactory()
  eval_h       public dispatchLowMemory()
  eval_k       private checkStateLoss()
  eval_l       public execPendingActions()
  eval_m       startPendingDeferredFragments()
  eval_n       saveAllState()
  eval_o       public dispatchReallyStop()
  eval_q       public dispatchResume()
  eval_r       public dispatchDestroy()
  eval_t       public getBackStackEntryCount()
  eval_x       public executePendingTransactions()
  eval_y       public noteStateNotSaved()
  eval_y       public attachFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  eval_z       public dispatchCreate()
  f            public saveFragmentInstanceState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  f            public dispatchOptionsMenuClosed(android.view.Menu)
  f            public findFragmentByWho(java.lang.String)
  g            public dispatchPrepareOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  h            public findFragmentById(int)
  i            retainNonConfig()
  i            public removeFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  j            saveFragmentBasicState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  j            public setBackStackIndex(int,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord)
  j            public popBackStack(java.lang.String,int)
  k            public findFragmentByTag(java.lang.String)
  k            public popBackStackImmediate(java.lang.String,int)
  l            public allocBackStackIndex(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord)
  m            public dispatchDestroyView()
  n            public isDestroyed()
  n            public performPendingDeferredStart(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  o            public popBackStack()
  o            moveToState(int,boolean)
  p            public putFragment(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  p            public hideFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  p            public removeOnBackStackChangedListener(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener)
  p            public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  q            public addOnBackStackChangedListener(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener)
  q            public dispatchCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu,android.view.MenuInflater)
  q            public dispatchContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  q            public freeBackStackIndex(int)
  r            public beginTransaction()
  r            public detachFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  r            public enqueueAction(java.lang.Runnable,boolean)
  s            public popBackStackImmediate()
  t            makeActive(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  u            public dispatchStop()
  u            public getFragment(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  u            public popBackStackImmediate(int,int)
  v            public dispatchPause()
  v            loadAnimation(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,boolean,int)
  v            public getBackStackEntryAt(int)
  v            public static transitToStyleIndex(int,boolean)
  v            public popBackStack(int,int)
  v            moveToState(int,int,int,boolean)
  x            reportBackStackChanged()
  x            moveToState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  x            private throwException(java.lang.RuntimeException)
  y            static makeOpenCloseAnimation(android.content.Context,float,float,float,float)
  y            restoreAllState(android.os.Parcelable,java.util.ArrayList)
  z            public dispatchActivityCreated()
  z            public attachActivity(android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity,android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  onCreateView public onCreateView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  toString     public toString()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$1     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f4$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$2     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f4$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$3     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f4$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$4     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f4$4)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$5     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f4$5)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$FragmentTag   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f4$d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gr)
===============================================================================
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState$1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gr$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState$IOException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__e)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c3)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract getItem(int)
  c    public getItemId(int)
  f    public finishUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  l    public startUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  n    public instantiateItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  n    private static makeFragmentName(int,long)
  o    public setPrimaryItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  s    public destroyItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  w    public saveState()
  w    public restoreState(android.os.Parcelable,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  z    public isViewFromObject(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter$IOException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentState     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bd)
===============================================================================
  o                public instantiate(android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentState$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bd$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ul)
===============================================================================
  f    public finishUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  l    public startUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  n    public instantiateItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  o    public setPrimaryItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  q    public abstract getItem(int)
  s    public destroyItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  w    public saveState()
  w    public restoreState(android.os.Parcelable,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  z    public isViewFromObject(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fz)
===============================================================================
  c                        private ensureContent()
  d                        private ensureHierarchy(android.content.Context)
  d                        private initFragmentTabHost(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  g                        public setup(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager,int)
  o                        public setup(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager)
  t                        public addTab(android.widget.TabHost$TabSpec,java.lang.Class,android.os.Bundle)
  w                        private doTabChanged(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction)
  onAttachedToWindow       protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow     protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onRestoreInstanceState   protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState      protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onTabChanged             public onTabChanged(java.lang.String)
  setOnTabChangedListener  public setOnTabChangedListener(android.widget.TabHost$OnTabChangeListener)
  setup                    public setup()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fz$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$DummyTabFactory   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fz$c)
===============================================================================
  createTabContent public createTabContent(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$IOException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fz$_)
===============================================================================
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fz$_$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fz$s)
===============================================================================
  eval_m   static access$200(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)
  k        static access$100(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)
  k        static access$102(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  p        static access$400(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)
  v        static access$300(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k3)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract add(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  c        public abstract add(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  d        public abstract commitAllowingStateLoss()
  eval_n   public abstract show(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_s   public abstract isEmpty()
  g        public abstract add(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  h        public abstract setBreadCrumbTitle(int)
  h        public abstract setCustomAnimations(int,int,int,int)
  i        public abstract replace(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  m        public abstract setTransitionStyle(int)
  n        public abstract isAddToBackStackAllowed()
  n        public abstract attach(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  o        public abstract disallowAddToBackStack()
  o        public abstract detach(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  p        public abstract remove(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  p        public abstract setCustomAnimations(int,int)
  q        public abstract commit()
  q        public abstract setBreadCrumbShortTitle(int)
  r        public abstract addSharedElement(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  s        public abstract hide(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  s        public abstract setBreadCrumbShortTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  t        public abstract setBreadCrumbTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  x        public abstract setTransition(int)
  x        public abstract replace(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  z        public abstract addToBackStack(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction$Transit       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k3$h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s8)
===============================================================================
  c        public static getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  d        public static mergeTransitions(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,boolean)
  e        public static setEpicenter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_g   public static findNamedViews(java.util.Map,android.view.View)
  g        public static cloneTransition(java.lang.Object)
  i        public static beginDelayedTransition(android.view.ViewGroup,java.lang.Object)
  j        public static cleanupTransitions(android.view.View,android.view.View,java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList,java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList,java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList,java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.Map)
  l        public static addTargets(java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList)
  m        static access$000(java.util.ArrayList,android.view.View)
  n        private static getBoundsOnScreen(android.view.View)
  n        private static isNullOrEmpty(java.util.List)
  t        private static hasSimpleTarget(android.transition.Transition)
  t        public static excludeTarget(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,boolean)
  t        public static addTransitionTargets(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$ViewRetriever,android.view.View,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$EpicenterView,java.util.Map,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.Map,java.util.ArrayList)
  w        private static setSharedElementEpicenter(android.transition.Transition,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$EpicenterView)
  w        private static captureTransitioningViews(java.util.ArrayList,android.view.View)
  x        static access$100(android.view.View)
  x        public static captureExitingViews(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.Map,android.view.View)
  z        public static removeTargets(java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s8$1)
===============================================================================
  onGetEpicenter   public onGetEpicenter(android.transition.Transition)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$2      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s8$2)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$3      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s8$3)
===============================================================================
  onGetEpicenter   public onGetEpicenter(android.transition.Transition)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$4      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s8$4)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$EpicenterView  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s8$s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$ViewRetriever  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s8$n)
===============================================================================
  l    public abstract getView()

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ac)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  j    public abstract cancelAll(java.lang.String)
  z    public abstract cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ac$r)
===============================================================================
  d            public abstract notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  j            public abstract cancelAll(java.lang.String)
  l            public static asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
  z            public abstract cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  asBinder     public asBinder()
  onTransact   public onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub$Proxy       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ac$r$a)
===============================================================================
  d        public notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  h        public getInterfaceDescriptor()
  j        public cancelAll(java.lang.String)
  z        public cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  asBinder public asBinder()

android.support.v4.app.ListFragment
===============================================================================
  a        public onDestroyView()
  d        public getSelectedItemPosition()
  eval_i5  private ensureList()
  eval_k5  public getListAdapter()
  eval_s   public setListShownNoAnimation(boolean)
  eval_x   public setSelection(int)
  eval_zt  public getListView()
  f        public setListAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  k        public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  l        private setListShown(boolean,boolean)
  p        public onListItemClick(android.widget.ListView,android.view.View,int,long)
  q        public onViewCreated(android.view.View,android.os.Bundle)
  r        public getSelectedItemId()
  v        public setEmptyText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  x        public setListShown(boolean)

android.support.v4.app.ListFragment$1
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.ListFragment$2
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v4.app.ListFragment$NullPointerException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e2)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract destroyLoader(int)
  e        public abstract initLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  eval_p   public hasRunningLoaders()
  eval_q   public abstract getLoader(int)
  r        public abstract dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  u        public static enableDebugLogging(boolean)
  y        public abstract restartLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e2$b)
===============================================================================
  n    public abstract onLoaderReset(android.support.v4.content.Loader)
  o    public abstract onLoadFinished(android.support.v4.content.Loader,java.lang.Object)
  z    public abstract onCreateLoader(int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f9)
===============================================================================
  b        doStart()
  c        public destroyLoader(int)
  e        public initLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  eval_l   private createLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  eval_p   public hasRunningLoaders()
  eval_q   public getLoader(int)
  g        doReportStart()
  i        doRetain()
  l        doReportNextStart()
  n        doStop()
  r        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  t        updateActivity(android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity)
  w        private createAndInstallLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  y        finishRetain()
  y        public restartLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  z        doDestroy()
  z        installLoader(android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderInfo)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderInfo      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f9$s)
===============================================================================
  a        start()
  a        callOnLoadFinished(android.support.v4.content.Loader,java.lang.Object)
  e        public onLoadComplete(android.support.v4.content.Loader,java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   stop()
  eval_f   destroy()
  g        finishRetain()
  i        reportStart()
  q        retain()
  t        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$NullPointerException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k7)
===============================================================================
  f    public static getParentActivityIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName)
  h    public static getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
  j    public static getParentActivityName(android.app.Activity)
  j    public static navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  q    public static getParentActivityIntent(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
  t    public static navigateUpFromSameTask(android.app.Activity)
  v    public static shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  x    public static getParentActivityName(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImpl     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k7$b)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract getParentActivityName(android.content.Context,android.content.pm.ActivityInfo)
  h    public abstract navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  q    public abstract shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  x    public abstract getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImplBase (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k7$g)
===============================================================================
  c    public getParentActivityName(android.content.Context,android.content.pm.ActivityInfo)
  h    public navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  q    public shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  x    public getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImplJB   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k7$k)
===============================================================================
  c    public getParentActivityName(android.content.Context,android.content.pm.ActivityInfo)
  h    public navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  k    superGetParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
  q    public shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  x    public getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtilsJB        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mt)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getParentActivityName(android.content.pm.ActivityInfo)
  s    public static navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  t    public static getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
  t    public static shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtilsJB$IOException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NoSaveStateFrameLayout    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f8)
===============================================================================
  h                            static wrap(android.view.View)
  dispatchRestoreInstanceState protected dispatchRestoreInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)
  dispatchSaveInstanceState    protected dispatchSaveInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)

android.support.v4.app.NoSaveStateFrameLayout$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sd)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pe)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract getBuilder()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft)
===============================================================================
  e        public static getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  eval_o   static access$100(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style)
  eval_s   public static getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  eval_z   public static getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  g        public static getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  g        static access$000(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions,java.util.ArrayList)
  k        public static isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  m        private static addActionsToBuilder(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions,java.util.ArrayList)
  r        private static getNotificationArrayFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  s        static access$200()
  w        public static getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  w        static access$500(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  x        public static getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  z        public static getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  z        private static addStyleToBuilderJellybean(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$e)
===============================================================================
  a    public getExtras()
  b    protected getIcon()
  b    static access$300(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action)
  c    protected getActionIntent()
  q    protected getTitle()
  z    public getRemoteInputs()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$e$1)
===============================================================================
  l    public build(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[])
  z    public newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Builder (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$e$k)
===============================================================================
  b        public addRemoteInput(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput)
  c        public build()
  eval_c   public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Extender)
  eval_m   public addExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  m        public getExtras()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Extender        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$e$e)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Builder)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$WearableExtender        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$e$h)
===============================================================================
  clone    public clone()
  e        public getInProgressLabel()
  h        public getCancelLabel()
  h        public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Builder)
  h        public setAvailableOffline(boolean)
  i        public setInProgressLabel(java.lang.CharSequence)
  m        public setConfirmLabel(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p        private setFlag(int,boolean)
  q        public isAvailableOffline()
  r        public setCancelLabel(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y        public getConfirmLabel()
  clone    public volatile clone()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BigPictureStyle        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$f)
===============================================================================
  n    public setBigContentTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  w    public bigLargeIcon(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  w    public setSummaryText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y    public bigPicture(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BigTextStyle   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$eval_o)
===============================================================================
  e    public bigText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s    public setBigContentTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  z    public setSummaryText(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$r)
===============================================================================
  a        public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Extender)
  b        public getExtras()
  d        public setNumber(int)
  d        public setContentTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  e        public addExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  e        public setLights(int,int,int)
  e        protected static limitCharSequenceLength(java.lang.CharSequence)
  e        public setTicker(java.lang.CharSequence,android.widget.RemoteViews)
  eval_c   public setProgress(int,int,boolean)
  eval_g   public setOngoing(boolean)
  eval_m   public build()
  f        public setLocalOnly(boolean)
  g        public setDeleteIntent(android.app.PendingIntent)
  h        public setSound(android.net.Uri)
  h        public setSmallIcon(int)
  h        public setSortKey(java.lang.String)
  k        public setColor(int)
  l        public setFullScreenIntent(android.app.PendingIntent,boolean)
  m        public setStyle(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style)
  n        public setPublicVersion(android.app.Notification)
  n        public addPerson(java.lang.String)
  p        public setLargeIcon(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  p        public setGroup(java.lang.String)
  q        public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action)
  r        public setContentIntent(android.app.PendingIntent)
  r        public addAction(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent)
  s        public setContent(android.widget.RemoteViews)
  s        public setShowWhen(boolean)
  s        public setPriority(int)
  s        public setContentInfo(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public setWhen(long)
  t        private setFlag(int,boolean)
  t        public setTicker(java.lang.CharSequence)
  t        public setCategory(java.lang.String)
  u        public setSound(android.net.Uri,int)
  u        public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  u        public setVisibility(int)
  u        public setSmallIcon(int,int)
  w        public setUsesChronometer(boolean)
  x        public setAutoCancel(boolean)
  x        public setVibrate(long[])
  y        public getNotification()
  y        public setGroupSummary(boolean)
  y        public setDefaults(int)
  y        public setContentText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  z        public setOnlyAlertOnce(boolean)
  z        public setSubText(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$m)
===============================================================================
  a        public setColor(int)
  b        public getUnreadConversation()
  eval_u   public getColor()
  g        public getLargeIcon()
  g        public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  g        public setUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation)
  m        public setLargeIcon(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$m$l)
===============================================================================
  d        public getParticipants()
  e        public getParticipant()
  eval_d   public getReplyPendingIntent()
  h        public getLatestTimestamp()
  o        public getReadPendingIntent()
  t        public getRemoteInput()
  z        public getMessages()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$m$l$1)
===============================================================================
  d    public build(java.lang.String[],android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent,java.lang.String[],long)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$Builder (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$m$l$c)
===============================================================================
  eval_u   public setReadPendingIntent(android.app.PendingIntent)
  eval_v   public setReplyAction(android.app.PendingIntent,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput)
  s        public build()
  s        public addMessage(java.lang.String)
  x        public setLatestTimestamp(long)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$ParseException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Extender       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$eval_i)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$InboxStyle     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$t)
===============================================================================
  k    public setBigContentTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  l    public setSummaryText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  u    public addLine(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImpl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$s)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  d    public abstract getBundleForUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation)
  e    public abstract getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  e    public abstract build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  f    public abstract getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  m    public abstract getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  o    public abstract getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  o    public abstract getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action[])
  q    public abstract getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
  s    public abstract getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  s    public abstract getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  s    public abstract getUnreadConversationFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  u    public abstract getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplApi20    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$h)
===============================================================================
  b    public isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  e    public getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  e    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  m    public getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  o    public getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action[])
  q    public getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
  s    public getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  u    public getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplApi21    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$d)
===============================================================================
  d    public getBundleForUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation)
  e    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  f    public getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  s    public getUnreadConversationFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplBase     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$n)
===============================================================================
  b    public isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  d    public getBundleForUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation)
  e    public getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  e    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  f    public getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  m    public getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  o    public getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  o    public getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action[])
  q    public getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
  s    public getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  s    public getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  s    public getUnreadConversationFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  u    public getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplGingerbread      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$eval_y)
===============================================================================
  e    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplHoneycomb        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$eval_v)
===============================================================================
  e    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplIceCreamSandwich (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$g)
===============================================================================
  e    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplJellybean        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$eval_z)
===============================================================================
  b    public isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  e    public getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  e    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  m    public getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  o    public getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  o    public getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action[])
  q    public getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
  s    public getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  s    public getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  u    public getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplKitKat   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$l)
===============================================================================
  b    public isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  e    public getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  e    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  m    public getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  o    public getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  s    public getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  s    public getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  u    public getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$eval_f)
===============================================================================
  r    public setBuilder(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  u    public build()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$WearableExtender       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ft$i)
===============================================================================
  a        public getGravity()
  a        public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action)
  a        public setStartScrollBottom(boolean)
  c        public setContentIcon(int)
  clone    public clone()
  d        public getDisplayIntent()
  d        public setContentIconGravity(int)
  e        public setContentAction(int)
  eval_a   public getStartScrollBottom()
  eval_i   public getHintScreenTimeout()
  eval_k   public setHintScreenTimeout(int)
  eval_s   public clearPages()
  eval_u   public getHintShowBackgroundOnly()
  f        public getContentIcon()
  f        public setCustomSizePreset(int)
  g        public clearActions()
  g        public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  g        public setGravity(int)
  i        public getActions()
  j        public getCustomContentHeight()
  j        public setHintAvoidBackgroundClipping(boolean)
  k        public getContentIntentAvailableOffline()
  k        private setFlag(int,boolean)
  m        public getHintAvoidBackgroundClipping()
  m        public setBackground(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  n        public getContentIconGravity()
  o        public addPages(java.util.List)
  q        public getCustomSizePreset()
  r        public getPages()
  s        public setHintShowBackgroundOnly(boolean)
  t        public addPage(android.app.Notification)
  t        public setContentIntentAvailableOffline(boolean)
  u        public getHintHideIcon()
  v        public setDisplayIntent(android.app.PendingIntent)
  v        public addActions(java.util.List)
  w        public getContentAction()
  x        public setCustomContentHeight(int)
  y        public setHintHideIcon(boolean)
  z        public getBackground()
  clone    public volatile clone()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dz)
===============================================================================
  c    public static getAction(android.app.Notification,int,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  e    private static getActionFromActionCompat(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  h    private static getActionCompatFromAction(android.app.Notification$Action,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  k    public static getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action[])
  l    public static isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  m    public static addAction(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  p    public static getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  r    public static getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  w    public static getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  x    public static getSortKey(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20$Builder   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dz$i)
===============================================================================
  e    public getBuilder()
  e    public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  t    public build()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o4)
===============================================================================
  e    private static toCompatRemoteInput(android.app.RemoteInput,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  n    static getUnreadConversationFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  o    static getBundleForUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation)
  v    public static getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  w    private static fromCompatRemoteInput(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21$Builder   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o4$p)
===============================================================================
  d    public build()
  e    public getBuilder()
  e    public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wd$k)
===============================================================================
  a    protected abstract getExtras()
  b    protected abstract getIcon()
  c    protected abstract getActionIntent()
  q    protected abstract getTitle()
  z    protected abstract getRemoteInputs()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wd$k$u)
===============================================================================
  l    public abstract build(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[])
  z    public abstract newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ln)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wd$u)
===============================================================================
  d        abstract getParticipants()
  e        abstract getParticipant()
  eval_d   abstract getReplyPendingIntent()
  h        abstract getLatestTimestamp()
  o        abstract getReadPendingIntent()
  t        abstract getRemoteInput()
  z        abstract getMessages()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Exception       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wd$u$u)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract build(java.lang.String[],android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent,java.lang.String[],long)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatExtras  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatExtras$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatGingerbread     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ue)
===============================================================================
  n    public static add(android.app.Notification,android.content.Context,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatGingerbread$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatHoneycomb       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qd)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   static add(android.content.Context,android.app.Notification,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,android.widget.RemoteViews,int,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent,android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_di)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jj)
===============================================================================
  a    static add(android.content.Context,android.app.Notification,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,android.widget.RemoteViews,int,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent,android.graphics.Bitmap,int,int,boolean)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich$ParseException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nu)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  c        public static getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  e        private static getBundleForAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  eval_c   public static buildActionExtrasMap(java.util.List)
  g        public static addBigPictureStyle(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,java.lang.CharSequence,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  h        public static getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  h        public static getAction(android.app.Notification,int,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  h        public static addInboxStyle(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,java.lang.CharSequence,java.util.ArrayList)
  i        private static getActionFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  j        public static isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  l        public static writeActionAndGetExtras(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  l        public static getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  n        private static getActionObjectsLocked(android.app.Notification)
  p        public static getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  p        public static readAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory,int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent,android.os.Bundle)
  q        public static getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  t        public static getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action[])
  u        private static ensureActionReflectionReadyLocked()
  x        public static addBigTextStyle(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean$Builder       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nu$b)
===============================================================================
  b    public build()
  e    public getBuilder()
  e    public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean$NullPointerException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hj)
===============================================================================
  eval_u   public static getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  f        public static getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  k        public static getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  s        public static getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  t        public static isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  v        public static getAction(android.app.Notification,int,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  z        public static getActionCount(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat$Builder  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hj$o)
===============================================================================
  d    public build()
  e    public getBuilder()
  e    public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ah)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g0)
===============================================================================
  e        public abstract notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  g        public abstract cancelAll(java.lang.String)
  h        private checkPermission(int,java.lang.String)
  o        public abstract cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  s        static access$100(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService,int,java.lang.String)
  onBind   public onBind(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g0$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$Exception    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$NotificationSideChannelStub  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g0$n)
===============================================================================
  d    public notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  j    public cancelAll(java.lang.String)
  z    public cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na)
===============================================================================
  c    public cancelAll()
  c    public static getEnabledListenerPackages(android.content.Context)
  c    public cancel(int)
  h    public notify(java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)
  o    private static useSideChannelForNotification(android.app.Notification)
  p    static access$000()
  t    public static from(android.content.Context)
  w    public cancel(java.lang.String,int)
  y    private pushSideChannelQueue(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task)
  z    public notify(int,android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$CancelTask      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$w)
===============================================================================
  c        public send(android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_si)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Impl    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$z)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract postNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)
  i    public abstract getSideChannelBindFlags()
  n    public abstract cancelNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplBase        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$eval_l)
===============================================================================
  e    public postNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)
  i    public getSideChannelBindFlags()
  n    public cancelNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplEclair      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$c)
===============================================================================
  e    public postNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)
  n    public cancelNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplIceCreamSandwich    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$x)
===============================================================================
  i    public getSideChannelBindFlags()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$NotifyTask      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$n)
===============================================================================
  c        public send(android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ServiceConnectedEvent   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$eval_x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$eval_b)
===============================================================================
  b                        public queueTask(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task)
  d                        private processListenerQueue(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord)
  e                        private updateListenerMap()
  eval_g                   private handleQueueTask(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task)
  h                        private handleServiceDisconnected(android.content.ComponentName)
  i                        private handleRetryListenerQueue(android.content.ComponentName)
  j                        private ensureServiceBound(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord)
  m                        private scheduleListenerRetry(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord)
  o                        private handleServiceConnected(android.content.ComponentName,android.os.IBinder)
  t                        private ensureServiceUnbound(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord)
  handleMessage            public handleMessage(android.os.Message)
  onServiceConnected       public onServiceConnected(android.content.ComponentName,android.os.IBinder)
  onServiceDisconnected    public onServiceDisconnected(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$eval_b$i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ParseException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fs)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_na$j)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract send(android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatEclair   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g9)
===============================================================================
  c    public static postNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)
  q    static cancelNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatEclair$Exception (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xe)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatIceCreamSandwich (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_de)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatIceCreamSandwich$Exception       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xc)
===============================================================================
  b    public getLabel()
  q    public static getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  r    public getAllowFreeFormInput()
  s    public static addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  t    public getResultKey()
  w    public getChoices()
  z    public getExtras()

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$1     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xc$1)
===============================================================================
  j    public build(java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence[],boolean,android.os.Bundle)
  o    public newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Builder       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xc$d)
===============================================================================
  f    public setChoices(java.lang.CharSequence[])
  j    public setAllowFreeFormInput(boolean)
  q    public build()
  r    public addExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  v    public getExtras()
  v    public setLabel(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Exception     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Impl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xc$_)
===============================================================================
  r    public abstract addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  y    public abstract getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplApi20     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xc$s)
===============================================================================
  r    public addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  y    public getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplBase      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xc$b)
===============================================================================
  r    public addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  y    public getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplJellybean (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xc$x)
===============================================================================
  r    public addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  y    public getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatApi20    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q0)
===============================================================================
  a    static fromCompat(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[])
  b    static toCompat(android.app.RemoteInput[],android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  n    static getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  p    static addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatApi20$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oj$w)
===============================================================================
  b    protected abstract getLabel()
  r    protected abstract getAllowFreeFormInput()
  t    protected abstract getResultKey()
  w    protected abstract getChoices()
  z    protected abstract getExtras()

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ap)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oj$w$p)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract build(java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence[],boolean,android.os.Bundle)
  o    public abstract newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatJellybean        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d0)
===============================================================================
  b    static toBundleArray(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[])
  e    static getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  h    static fromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  j    static fromBundleArray(android.os.Bundle[],android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  j    static toBundle(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput)
  v    static addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatJellybean$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ServiceCompat     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ServiceCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ix)
===============================================================================
  b    public static configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)
  p    static access$000()
  t    public static getCallingPackage(android.app.Activity)
  v    public static configureMenuItem(android.view.Menu,int,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)
  y    public static getCallingActivity(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$Exception     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ix$y)
===============================================================================
  d        public setHtmlText(java.lang.String)
  d        public setEmailCc(java.lang.String[])
  e        public createChooserIntent()
  eval_c   public setEmailBcc(java.lang.String[])
  eval_w   public addEmailBcc(java.lang.String[])
  eval_z   public startChooser()
  f        getActivity()
  g        public static from(android.app.Activity)
  g        private combineArrayExtra(java.lang.String,java.lang.String[])
  g        public setEmailTo(java.lang.String[])
  j        public addStream(android.net.Uri)
  k        public getIntent()
  k        public setChooserTitle(int)
  k        public setChooserTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        private combineArrayExtra(java.lang.String,java.util.ArrayList)
  q        public setStream(android.net.Uri)
  s        public addEmailCc(java.lang.String)
  u        public addEmailBcc(java.lang.String)
  v        public setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  w        public setSubject(java.lang.String)
  x        public setType(java.lang.String)
  x        public addEmailTo(java.lang.String[])
  y        public addEmailTo(java.lang.String)
  z        public addEmailCc(java.lang.String[])

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentReader  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ix$x)
===============================================================================
  b        public getCallingActivity()
  c        public getEmailBcc()
  d        public getCallingPackage()
  e        public getText()
  eval__   public getSubject()
  eval_j   public getCallingApplicationIcon()
  eval_l   public getCallingApplicationLabel()
  eval_o   public getCallingActivityIcon()
  f        public getStreamCount()
  f        public getStream(int)
  h        public getEmailTo()
  j        public getHtmlText()
  p        public getType()
  r        public isSingleShare()
  u        public isShareIntent()
  v        public isMultipleShare()
  w        public static from(android.app.Activity)
  x        public getEmailCc()
  z        public getStream()

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImpl       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ix$v)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract escapeHtml(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_d   public abstract configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplBase   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ix$d)
===============================================================================
  c        public escapeHtml(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_d   public configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)
  n        private static withinStyle(java.lang.StringBuilder,java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplICS    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ix$f)
===============================================================================
  eval_d   public configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)
  f        shouldAddChooserIntent(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplJB     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ix$g)
===============================================================================
  c    public escapeHtml(java.lang.CharSequence)
  f    shouldAddChooserIntent(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatICS    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qy)
===============================================================================
  q    public static configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatICS$ParseException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatJB     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d_)
===============================================================================
  j    public static escapeHtml(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_br)
===============================================================================
  d    public onSharedElementEnd(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  j    public onSharedElementStart(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  k    private static createDrawableBitmap(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  q    public onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot(android.view.View,android.graphics.Matrix,android.graphics.RectF)
  q    public onMapSharedElements(java.util.List,java.util.Map)
  t    public onCreateSnapshotView(android.content.Context,android.os.Parcelable)
  y    public onRejectSharedElements(java.util.List)

android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.SuperNotCalledException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.SuperNotCalledException$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j3)
===============================================================================
  a        public startActivities()
  d        public getIntent(int)
  e        public static from(android.content.Context)
  f        public addParentStack(android.content.ComponentName)
  f        public addNextIntentWithParentStack(android.content.Intent)
  g        public addNextIntent(android.content.Intent)
  g        public getPendingIntent(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  h        public addParentStack(java.lang.Class)
  i        public static create(android.content.Context)
  o        public addParentStack(android.app.Activity)
  p        public getIntents()
  p        public getPendingIntent(int,int)
  q        public getIntentCount()
  q        public startActivities(android.os.Bundle)
  z        public editIntentAt(int)
  iterator public iterator()

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$Exception        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$SupportParentable        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j3$r)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract getSupportParentActivityIntent()

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImpl     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j3$c)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract getPendingIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplBase (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j3$v)
===============================================================================
  j    public getPendingIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplHoneycomb    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j3$y)
===============================================================================
  j    public getPendingIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplJellybean    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j3$l)
===============================================================================
  j    public getPendingIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderHoneycomb (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ks)
===============================================================================
  k    public static getActivitiesPendingIntent(android.content.Context,int,android.content.Intent[],int)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderHoneycomb$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderJellybean (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cl)
===============================================================================
  d    public static getActivitiesPendingIntent(android.content.Context,int,android.content.Intent[],int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderJellybean$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__v)
===============================================================================
  e    protected onForceLoad()
  e    public onCanceled(java.lang.Object)
  f    public abstract loadInBackground()
  g    dispatchOnCancelled(android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask,java.lang.Object)
  j    public cancelLoad()
  l    public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  r    dispatchOnLoadComplete(android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask,java.lang.Object)
  u    executePendingTask()
  u    public setUpdateThrottle(long)
  w    protected onLoadInBackground()
  z    public waitForLoader()

android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__v$c)
===============================================================================
  b    protected onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
  g    static access$000(android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask)
  i    protected transient doInBackground(java.lang.Void[])
  j    protected onCancelled()
  y    protected volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompat (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kq)
===============================================================================
  d    public static startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[])
  l    public final getNoBackupFilesDir(android.content.Context)
  m    public static startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],android.os.Bundle)
  m    private static transient buildPath(java.io.File,java.lang.String[])
  q    public static final getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)
  r    public final getCodeCacheDir(android.content.Context)
  s    private static synchronized createFilesDir(java.io.File)
  v    public static getExternalFilesDirs(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  w    public static getExternalCacheDirs(android.content.Context)
  x    public static getObbDirs(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompat$NullPointerException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ut)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi21    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h9)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)
  n    public static getCodeCacheDir(android.content.Context)
  u    public static getNoBackupFilesDir(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi21$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatFroyo    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y7)
===============================================================================
  b    public static getExternalFilesDir(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  v    public static getExternalCacheDir(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatFroyo$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatHoneycomb        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i7)
===============================================================================
  c    static startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[])
  t    public static getObbDir(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatHoneycomb$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatJellybean        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ne)
===============================================================================
  j    public static startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatJellybean$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatKitKat   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n6)
===============================================================================
  e    public static getExternalFilesDirs(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  i    public static getExternalCacheDirs(android.content.Context)
  x    public static getObbDirs(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_am)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.CursorLoader  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sa)
===============================================================================
  b        public volatile deliverResult(java.lang.Object)
  d        public getSelectionArgs()
  e        public volatile onCanceled(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   protected onStopLoading()
  eval_n   public getSelection()
  eval_q   public getSortOrder()
  eval_r   protected onReset()
  f        public loadInBackground()
  f        public onCanceled(android.database.Cursor)
  h        public getProjection()
  h        public setProjection(java.lang.String[])
  i        public setSelection(java.lang.String)
  l        public getUri()
  l        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  q        protected onStartLoading()
  q        public setSortOrder(java.lang.String)
  u        public deliverResult(android.database.Cursor)
  u        public setUri(android.net.Uri)
  x        public setSelectionArgs(java.lang.String[])

android.support.v4.content.CursorLoader$Exception        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.FileProvider  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gd)
===============================================================================
  a            private static transient buildPath(java.io.File,java.lang.String[])
  f            private static copyOf(java.lang.Object[],int)
  g            private static getPathStrategy(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  k            public static getUriForFile(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,java.io.File)
  r            private static modeToMode(java.lang.String)
  t            private static copyOf(java.lang.String[],int)
  x            private static parsePathStrategy(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  attachInfo   public attachInfo(android.content.Context,android.content.pm.ProviderInfo)
  delete       public delete(android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,java.lang.String[])
  getType      public getType(android.net.Uri)
  insert       public insert(android.net.Uri,android.content.ContentValues)
  onCreate     public onCreate()
  openFile     public openFile(android.net.Uri,java.lang.String)
  query        public query(android.net.Uri,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String)
  update       public update(android.net.Uri,android.content.ContentValues,java.lang.String,java.lang.String[])

android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$Exception        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$PathStrategy     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gd$v)
===============================================================================
  eval_e   public abstract getFileForUri(android.net.Uri)
  j        public abstract getUriForFile(java.io.File)

android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$SimplePathStrategy       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gd$k)
===============================================================================
  eval_e   public getFileForUri(android.net.Uri)
  j        public getUriForFile(java.io.File)
  m        public addRoot(java.lang.String,java.io.File)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k5)
===============================================================================
  e    public static makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  h    public static makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)
  j    public static makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$Exception        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImpl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k5$i)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  l    public abstract makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)
  x    public abstract makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplBase     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k5$r)
===============================================================================
  j    public makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  l    public makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)
  x    public makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplHC       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k5$h)
===============================================================================
  l    public makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)
  x    public makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplIcsMr1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k5$q)
===============================================================================
  j    public makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatHoneycomb (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sg)
===============================================================================
  l    public static makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)
  w    public static makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatHoneycomb$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatIcsMr1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cp)
===============================================================================
  a    public static makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatIcsMr1$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.Loader        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rr)
===============================================================================
  b        public commitContentChanged()
  b        public deliverResult(java.lang.Object)
  e        protected onForceLoad()
  eval__   protected onAbandon()
  eval_a   public forceLoad()
  eval_c   public getContext()
  eval_d   protected onStopLoading()
  eval_f   public isReset()
  eval_k   public rollbackContentChanged()
  eval_o   public reset()
  eval_r   protected onReset()
  eval_u   public onContentChanged()
  eval_v   public abandon()
  eval_y   public isAbandoned()
  g        public registerListener(int,android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCompleteListener)
  k        public stopLoading()
  l        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  p        public isStarted()
  p        public dataToString(java.lang.Object)
  q        protected onStartLoading()
  r        public final startLoading()
  t        public takeContentChanged()
  x        public unregisterListener(android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCompleteListener)
  y        public getId()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.content.Loader$ForceLoadContentObserver       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rr$k)
===============================================================================
  deliverSelfNotifications public deliverSelfNotifications()
  onChange                 public onChange(boolean)

android.support.v4.content.Loader$IOException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCompleteListener (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rr$t)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract onLoadComplete(android.support.v4.content.Loader,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j7)
===============================================================================
  b    static access$000(android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager)
  c    private executePendingBroadcasts()
  m    public sendBroadcastSync(android.content.Intent)
  r    public unregisterReceiver(android.content.BroadcastReceiver)
  r    public sendBroadcast(android.content.Intent)
  u    public static getInstance(android.content.Context)
  x    public registerReceiver(android.content.BroadcastReceiver,android.content.IntentFilter)

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j7$1)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$BroadcastRecord (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j7$f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_da)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$ReceiverRecord  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j7$q)
===============================================================================
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv)
===============================================================================
  a        protected final transient publishProgress(java.lang.Object[])
  b        public final isCancelled()
  b        protected onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
  b        public static setDefaultExecutor(java.util.concurrent.Executor)
  d        static access$500(android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask,java.lang.Object)
  e        public final getStatus()
  eval_b   protected onPreExecute()
  eval_i   private finish(java.lang.Object)
  eval_m   private postResultIfNotInvoked(java.lang.Object)
  g        static access$200(android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask)
  g        static access$400(android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask,java.lang.Object)
  g        protected transient onProgressUpdate(java.lang.Object[])
  g        public static execute(java.lang.Runnable)
  j        protected onCancelled()
  k        public static init()
  k        static access$300(android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask,java.lang.Object)
  n        public final transient executeOnExecutor(java.util.concurrent.Executor,java.lang.Object[])
  s        public final transient execute(java.lang.Object[])
  t        public final get(long,java.util.concurrent.TimeUnit)
  u        public final cancel(boolean)
  w        private postResult(java.lang.Object)
  x        public final get()
  y        protected onCancelled(java.lang.Object)
  y        protected abstract transient doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$1     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv$1)
===============================================================================
  newThread    public newThread(java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$2     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv$2)
===============================================================================
  call public call()

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$3     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv$3)
===============================================================================
  done protected done()

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$4     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv$4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$AsyncTaskResult       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv$z)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$InternalHandler       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv$q)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv$x)
===============================================================================
  valueOf  public static valueOf(java.lang.String)
  values   public static values()

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$WorkerRunnable        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gv$o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mp)
===============================================================================
  q    public static startWakefulService(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)
  t    public static completeWakefulIntent(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.pm.ActivityInfoCompat (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.pm.ActivityInfoCompat$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompat   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yy)
===============================================================================
  j    public static getDrawableForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  y    public static getDrawable(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi21      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e8)
===============================================================================
  o    public static getDrawableForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  x    public static getDrawable(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatIcsMr1     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yu)
===============================================================================
  d    public static getDrawableForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int)

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatIcsMr1$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.database.DatabaseUtilsCompat  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qb)
===============================================================================
  d    public static concatenateWhere(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  w    public static appendSelectionArgs(java.lang.String[],java.lang.String[])

android.support.v4.database.DatabaseUtilsCompat$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_op)
===============================================================================
  g    public static getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  u    public static setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  z    public static hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$BaseBitmapImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_op$y)
===============================================================================
  r    public hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  u    public setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  x    public getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$BitmapImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_op$_)
===============================================================================
  r    public abstract hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  u    public abstract setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  x    public abstract getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$HcMr1BitmapCompatImpl   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_op$t)
===============================================================================
  x    public getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$JbMr2BitmapCompatImpl   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_op$j)
===============================================================================
  r    public hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  u    public setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$KitKatBitmapCompatImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_op$x)
===============================================================================
  x    public getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$NullPointerException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ge)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatHoneycombMr1     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rs)
===============================================================================
  t    static getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatHoneycombMr1$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatJellybeanMR2     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jt)
===============================================================================
  b    public static setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  v    public static hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatJellybeanMR2$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_on)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatKitKat   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m0)
===============================================================================
  b    static getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__u)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z5)
===============================================================================
  c    public static setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  f    public static setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  h    public static setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  l    public static setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  m    public static jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t    public static setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  w    public static isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  x    public static setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$BaseDrawableImpl     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z5$x)
===============================================================================
  b    public setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  d    public jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  e    public setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  e    public setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  l    public setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  q    public setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  w    public setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  z    public isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$DrawableImpl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z5$z)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  d    public abstract jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  e    public abstract setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  e    public abstract setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  l    public abstract setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  q    public abstract setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  w    public abstract setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  z    public abstract isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$HoneycombDrawableImpl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z5$w)
===============================================================================
  d    public jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$KitKatDrawableImpl   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z5$j)
===============================================================================
  w    public setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  z    public isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$LDrawableImpl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z5$eval_b)
===============================================================================
  b    public setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  e    public setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  e    public setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  l    public setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  q    public setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatHoneycomb     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i_)
===============================================================================
  r    public static jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatKitKat        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hn)
===============================================================================
  k    public static setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  q    public static isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatKitKat$ParseException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatL     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mv)
===============================================================================
  g    public static setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  p    public static setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  s    public static setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  t    public static setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  y    public static setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatL$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mi)
===============================================================================
  b                    updateDstRect()
  c                    public setCornerRadius(float)
  e                    public getCornerRadius()
  e                    gravityCompatApply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_j               public setAntiAlias(boolean)
  eval_y               public setTargetDensity(int)
  l                    public hasMipMap()
  l                    public setTargetDensity(android.graphics.Canvas)
  l                    public setTargetDensity(android.util.DisplayMetrics)
  n                    public getGravity()
  o                    public hasAntiAlias()
  r                    public final getPaint()
  r                    public setMipMap(boolean)
  r                    private static isGreaterThanZero(float)
  r                    public setGravity(int)
  x                    public final getBitmap()
  z                    private computeBitmapSize()
  draw                 public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getAlpha             public getAlpha()
  getColorFilter       public getColorFilter()
  getIntrinsicHeight   public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth    public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getOpacity           public getOpacity()
  setAlpha             public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter       public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  setDither            public setDither(boolean)
  setFilterBitmap      public setFilterBitmap(boolean)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable$IOException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable21     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fp)
===============================================================================
  e            gravityCompatApply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)
  l            public hasMipMap()
  r            public setMipMap(boolean)
  getOutline   public getOutline(android.graphics.Outline)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable21$NullPointerException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ho)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wl)
===============================================================================
  c    public static create(android.content.res.Resources,java.lang.String)
  f    public static create(android.content.res.Resources,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  m    public static create(android.content.res.Resources,java.io.InputStream)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory$DefaultRoundedBitmapDrawable   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wl$_)
===============================================================================
  e    gravityCompatApply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)
  l    public hasMipMap()
  r    public setMipMap(boolean)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory$NullPointerException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gy)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract getDisplay(int)
  d    public abstract getDisplays(java.lang.String)
  g    public abstract getDisplays()
  u    public static getInstance(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$JellybeanMr1Impl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gy$_)
===============================================================================
  d    public getDisplay(int)
  d    public getDisplays(java.lang.String)
  g    public getDisplays()

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$LegacyImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gy$f)
===============================================================================
  d    public getDisplay(int)
  d    public getDisplays(java.lang.String)
  g    public getDisplays()

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerJellybeanMr1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c7)
===============================================================================
  d    public static getDisplays(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  f    public static getDisplay(java.lang.Object,int)
  o    public static getDisplayManager(android.content.Context)
  r    public static getDisplays(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerJellybeanMr1$ParseException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fw)
===============================================================================
  j                    public abstract setSupportActionProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  o                    public abstract setSupportOnActionExpandListener(android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  w                    public abstract getSupportActionProvider()
  collapseActionView   public abstract collapseActionView()
  expandActionView     public abstract expandActionView()
  getActionView        public abstract getActionView()
  isActionViewExpanded public abstract isActionViewExpanded()
  setActionView        public abstract setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView        public abstract setActionView(int)
  setShowAsAction      public abstract setShowAsAction(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags public abstract setShowAsActionFlags(int)

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ru)
===============================================================================
  d                public getMediaId()
  e                public getIconUri()
  e                public static fromMediaDescription(java.lang.Object)
  eval_a           public getExtras()
  eval_b           public getIconBitmap()
  eval_h           public getTitle()
  eval_n           public getMediaDescription()
  q                public getDescription()
  t                public getSubtitle()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$1        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ru$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$Builder  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ru$d)
===============================================================================
  a    public setIconUri(android.net.Uri)
  e    public setDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o    public setMediaId(java.lang.String)
  p    public setIconBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  s    public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v    public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  v    public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  z    public build()

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nj)
===============================================================================
  c        public static getIconUri(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f   public static getIconBitmap(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static getTitle(java.lang.Object)
  n        public static getSubtitle(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static fromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  r        public static getExtras(java.lang.Object)
  w        public static getDescription(java.lang.Object)
  x        public static getMediaId(java.lang.Object)
  z        public static writeToParcel(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21$Builder     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nj$_)
===============================================================================
  i    public static setMediaId(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  m    public static newInstance()
  n    public static setIconUri(java.lang.Object,android.net.Uri)
  o    public static setTitle(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  r    public static setDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  s    public static setIconBitmap(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  t    public static setExtras(java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  u    public static build(java.lang.Object)
  w    public static setSubtitle(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pa)
===============================================================================
  b                public getBundle()
  b                public static fromMediaMetadata(java.lang.Object)
  d                public getMediaMetadata()
  m                static access$200()
  m                public getRating(java.lang.String)
  n                public keySet()
  o                public getBitmap(java.lang.String)
  p                public getDescription()
  p                public getText(java.lang.String)
  s                public getString(java.lang.String)
  x                static access$100(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  x                public getLong(java.lang.String)
  y                public size()
  y                public containsKey(java.lang.String)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pa$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$Builder     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pa$v)
===============================================================================
  b    public build()
  c    public putRating(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  h    public putBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  o    public putText(java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence)
  q    public putString(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  q    public putLong(java.lang.String,long)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ke)
===============================================================================
  c    public static getRating(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  f    public static getLong(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  h    public static getText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  t    public static keySet(java.lang.Object)
  v    public static getBitmap(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21$Builder        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ke$p)
===============================================================================
  j    public static putString(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  r    public static build(java.lang.Object)
  s    public static newInstance()
  v    public static putBitmap(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  v    public static putText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence)
  w    public static putRating(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
  z    public static putLong(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,long)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h3)
===============================================================================
  a                public getRatingStyle()
  a                public static newThumbRating(boolean)
  eval_c           public static fromRating(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s           public getRating()
  eval_y           public isThumbUp()
  f                public static newStarRating(int,float)
  g                public static newUnratedRating(int)
  k                public hasHeart()
  l                public getStarRating()
  n                public static newHeartRating(boolean)
  q                public isRated()
  r                public static newPercentageRating(float)
  v                public getPercentRating()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$1  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h3$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$ParseException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompatApi21       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xn)
===============================================================================
  f    public static newUnratedRating(int)
  f    public static hasHeart(java.lang.Object)
  i    public static newPercentageRating(float)
  j    public static isRated(java.lang.Object)
  k    public static getStarRating(java.lang.Object)
  o    public static getPercentRating(java.lang.Object)
  p    public static getRatingStyle(java.lang.Object)
  s    public static newThumbRating(boolean)
  t    public static newHeartRating(boolean)
  t    public static newStarRating(int,float)
  v    public static isThumbUp(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompatApi21$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportController     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ai)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract stopPlaying()
  d    public abstract startPlaying()
  e    public abstract getCurrentPosition()
  g    public abstract getDuration()
  g    public abstract registerStateListener(android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener)
  i    public abstract unregisterStateListener(android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener)
  l    public abstract pausePlaying()
  q    public abstract isPlaying()
  q    public abstract seekTo(long)
  u    public abstract getTransportControlFlags()
  x    public abstract getBufferPercentage()

android.support.v4.media.TransportController$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qv)
===============================================================================
  a        public stopPlaying()
  c        public refreshState()
  d        public startPlaying()
  e        public getCurrentPosition()
  eval_c   private reportPlayingChanged()
  eval_l   private getListeners()
  eval_u   private pushControllerState()
  g        public getDuration()
  g        public registerStateListener(android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener)
  i        public unregisterStateListener(android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener)
  k        public destroy()
  l        public pausePlaying()
  o        static isMediaKey(int)
  p        public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  q        public isPlaying()
  q        public seekTo(long)
  t        private reportTransportControlsChanged()
  u        public getTransportControlFlags()
  x        public getBufferPercentage()
  y        public getRemoteControlClient()

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$1     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qv$1)
===============================================================================
  q    public getPlaybackPosition()
  t    public handleKey(android.view.KeyEvent)
  t    public playbackPositionUpdate(long)
  u    public handleAudioFocusChange(int)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$2     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qv$2)
===============================================================================
  onKeyDown        public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyLongPress   public onKeyLongPress(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyMultiple    public onKeyMultiple(int,int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyUp          public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorCallback       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_om)
===============================================================================
  q    public abstract getPlaybackPosition()
  t    public abstract handleKey(android.view.KeyEvent)
  t    public abstract playbackPositionUpdate(long)
  u    public abstract handleAudioFocusChange(int)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorCallback$NullPointerException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ms)
===============================================================================
  c                        loseFocus()
  d                        public getRemoteControlClient()
  eval_n                   dropAudioFocus()
  eval_u                   windowAttached()
  g                        public destroy()
  k                        public stopPlaying()
  l                        gainFocus()
  m                        public refreshState(boolean,long,int)
  v                        takeAudioFocus()
  w                        public pausePlaying()
  x                        windowDetached()
  z                        public startPlaying()
  onGetPlaybackPosition    public onGetPlaybackPosition()
  onPlaybackPositionUpdate public onPlaybackPositionUpdate(long)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ms$1)
===============================================================================
  onWindowAttached public onWindowAttached()
  onWindowDetached public onWindowDetached()

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$2 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ms$2)
===============================================================================
  onWindowFocusChanged public onWindowFocusChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$3 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ms$3)
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$4 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ms$4)
===============================================================================
  onAudioFocusChange   public onAudioFocusChange(int)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$Exception (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_be)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportPerformer      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x3)
===============================================================================
  a        public onMediaButtonDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  c        public abstract onIsPlaying()
  e        public abstract onStop()
  e        public onMediaButtonUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  eval_m   public abstract onGetCurrentPosition()
  eval_o   public abstract onPause()
  f        public abstract onGetDuration()
  m        public abstract onSeekTo(long)
  n        public onGetBufferPercentage()
  p        public abstract onStart()
  s        public onAudioFocusChange(int)
  t        public onGetTransportControlFlags()

android.support.v4.media.TransportPerformer$IOException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_px)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ma)
===============================================================================
  b    public onTransportControlsChanged(android.support.v4.media.TransportController)
  m    public onPlayingChanged(android.support.v4.media.TransportController)

android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_py)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l6)
===============================================================================
  a        public onAdjustVolume(int)
  c        public final getVolumeControl()
  e        public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$Callback)
  eval__   public getVolumeProvider()
  j        public final getCurrentVolume()
  n        public final getMaxVolume()
  s        public onSetVolumeTo(int)
  w        public final setCurrentVolume(int)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$1  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l6$1)
===============================================================================
  g    public onAdjustVolume(int)
  m    public onSetVolumeTo(int)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$Callback   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l6$k)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract onVolumeChanged(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sh)
===============================================================================
  s    public static setCurrentVolume(java.lang.Object,int)
  z    public static createVolumeProvider(int,int,int,android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$Delegate)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$1     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sh$1)
===============================================================================
  onAdjustVolume   public onAdjustVolume(int)
  onSetVolumeTo    public onSetVolumeTo(int)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$Delegate      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sh$_)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract onAdjustVolume(int)
  m    public abstract onSetVolumeTo(int)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$NullPointerException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej)
===============================================================================
  b        public static getMediaRouter(android.content.Context)
  eval_c   public static removeCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public static getCategories(java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public static createCallback(android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$Callback)
  g        public static addCallback(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.Object)
  j        public static getSelectedRoute(java.lang.Object,int)
  j        public static removeUserRoute(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  k        public static createVolumeCallback(android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$VolumeCallback)
  n        public static selectRoute(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.Object)
  r        public static createUserRoute(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  s        public static getRoutes(java.lang.Object)
  u        public static addUserRoute(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  u        public static createRouteCategory(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,boolean)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$Callback   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$_)
===============================================================================
  eval_w   public abstract onRouteUnselected(int,java.lang.Object)
  f        public abstract onRouteSelected(int,java.lang.Object)
  h        public abstract onRouteRemoved(java.lang.Object)
  p        public abstract onRouteChanged(java.lang.Object)
  q        public abstract onRouteUngrouped(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  r        public abstract onRouteGrouped(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,int)
  u        public abstract onRouteAdded(java.lang.Object)
  y        public abstract onRouteVolumeChanged(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$CallbackProxy      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$d)
===============================================================================
  onRouteAdded         public onRouteAdded(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)
  onRouteChanged       public onRouteChanged(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)
  onRouteGrouped       public onRouteGrouped(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteGroup,int)
  onRouteRemoved       public onRouteRemoved(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)
  onRouteSelected      public onRouteSelected(android.media.MediaRouter,int,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)
  onRouteUngrouped     public onRouteUngrouped(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteGroup)
  onRouteUnselected    public onRouteUnselected(android.media.MediaRouter,int,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)
  onRouteVolumeChanged public onRouteVolumeChanged(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$GetDefaultRouteWorkaround  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$l)
===============================================================================
  f    public getDefaultRoute(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteCategory      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$q)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getRoutes(java.lang.Object)
  eval_u   public static getName(java.lang.Object,android.content.Context)
  j        public static isGroupable(java.lang.Object)
  s        public static getSupportedTypes(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteGroup (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$u)
===============================================================================
  q    public static getGroupedRoutes(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteInfo  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$eval_b)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getVolumeMax(java.lang.Object)
  a        public static getName(java.lang.Object,android.content.Context)
  b        public static getPlaybackStream(java.lang.Object)
  c        public static setTag(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  e        public static getVolumeHandling(java.lang.Object)
  e        public static requestUpdateVolume(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_w   public static isGroup(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public static getGroup(java.lang.Object)
  h        public static getIconDrawable(java.lang.Object)
  i        public static getCategory(java.lang.Object)
  k        public static getSupportedTypes(java.lang.Object)
  m        public static getTag(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static requestSetVolume(java.lang.Object,int)
  p        public static getVolume(java.lang.Object)
  t        public static getStatus(java.lang.Object)
  u        public static getPlaybackType(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$SelectRouteWorkaround      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$i)
===============================================================================
  b    public selectRoute(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$UserRouteInfo      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$z)
===============================================================================
  a        public static setPlaybackType(java.lang.Object,int)
  b        public static setIconDrawable(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  c        public static setVolumeMax(java.lang.Object,int)
  e        public static setVolumeHandling(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_r   public static setPlaybackStream(java.lang.Object,int)
  g        public static setName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public static setVolumeCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  p        public static setRemoteControlClient(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  t        public static setVolume(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public static setStatus(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$VolumeCallback     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$p)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract onVolumeSetRequest(java.lang.Object,int)
  m    public abstract onVolumeUpdateRequest(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$VolumeCallbackProxy        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ej$eval__)
===============================================================================
  onVolumeSetRequest       public onVolumeSetRequest(android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo,int)
  onVolumeUpdateRequest    public onVolumeUpdateRequest(android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo,int)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bb)
===============================================================================
  y    public static createCallback(android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$Callback)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$ActiveScanWorkaround    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bb$p)
===============================================================================
  a    public setActiveScanRouteTypes(int)
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval___)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$Callback        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bb$v)
===============================================================================
  eval_n   public abstract onRoutePresentationDisplayChanged(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$CallbackProxy   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bb$b)
===============================================================================
  onRoutePresentationDisplayChanged    public onRoutePresentationDisplayChanged(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$IsConnectingWorkaround  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bb$k)
===============================================================================
  e    public isConnecting(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$RouteInfo       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bb$d)
===============================================================================
  m    public static isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  x    public static getPresentationDisplay(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u0)
===============================================================================
  o    public static getDefaultRoute(java.lang.Object)
  r    public static addCallback(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$RouteInfo       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u0$w)
===============================================================================
  eval_l   public static getDescription(java.lang.Object)
  x        public static isConnecting(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$UserRouteInfo   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u0$s)
===============================================================================
  s    public static setDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t3)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  e    public abstract onPlaybackStateChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  n    public abstract onMetadataChanged(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  o    public abstract onQueueChanged(java.util.List)
  p    public abstract onQueueTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s    public abstract onSessionDestroyed()
  u    public abstract onVolumeInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  x    public abstract onExtrasChanged(android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$ParseException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t3$p)
===============================================================================
  a            public abstract onEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  e            public abstract onPlaybackStateChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  n            public abstract onMetadataChanged(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  o            public abstract onQueueChanged(java.util.List)
  p            public abstract onQueueTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q            public static asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
  s            public abstract onSessionDestroyed()
  u            public abstract onVolumeInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  x            public abstract onExtrasChanged(android.os.Bundle)
  asBinder     public asBinder()
  onTransact   public onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub$ParseException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_en)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub$Proxy     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t3$p$d)
===============================================================================
  a        public onEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  e        public onPlaybackStateChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  n        public onMetadataChanged(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  o        public onQueueChanged(java.util.List)
  p        public getInterfaceDescriptor()
  p        public onQueueTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public onSessionDestroyed()
  u        public onVolumeInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  x        public onExtrasChanged(android.os.Bundle)
  asBinder public asBinder()

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vi)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract stop()
  c        public abstract getPlaybackState()
  c        public abstract sendMediaButton(android.view.KeyEvent)
  c        public abstract seekTo(long)
  d        public abstract pause()
  d        public abstract setVolumeTo(int,int,java.lang.String)
  e        public abstract unregisterCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  eval_k   public abstract getVolumeAttributes()
  eval_n   public abstract fastForward()
  eval_o   public abstract getQueueTitle()
  eval_p   public abstract getRatingType()
  eval_x   public abstract getExtras()
  g        public abstract rewind()
  h        public abstract registerCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  h        public abstract sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  i        public abstract getPackageName()
  j        public abstract getFlags()
  j        public abstract adjustVolume(int,int,java.lang.String)
  k        public abstract getMetadata()
  l        public abstract rate(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  n        public abstract next()
  o        public abstract sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper)
  p        public abstract getLaunchPendingIntent()
  s        public abstract isTransportControlEnabled()
  s        public abstract playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  s        public abstract skipToQueueItem(long)
  t        public abstract getTag()
  v        public abstract playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  w        public abstract getQueue()
  x        public abstract previous()
  z        public abstract play()

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vi$u)
===============================================================================
  a            public abstract stop()
  c            public abstract getPlaybackState()
  c            public abstract sendMediaButton(android.view.KeyEvent)
  c            public abstract seekTo(long)
  d            public abstract pause()
  d            public abstract setVolumeTo(int,int,java.lang.String)
  e            public abstract unregisterCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  eval_k       public abstract getVolumeAttributes()
  eval_n       public abstract fastForward()
  eval_o       public abstract getQueueTitle()
  eval_p       public abstract getRatingType()
  eval_x       public abstract getExtras()
  g            public abstract rewind()
  h            public abstract registerCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  h            public abstract sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  i            public abstract getPackageName()
  j            public abstract getFlags()
  j            public abstract adjustVolume(int,int,java.lang.String)
  k            public abstract getMetadata()
  l            public abstract rate(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  n            public abstract next()
  o            public static asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
  o            public abstract sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper)
  p            public abstract getLaunchPendingIntent()
  s            public abstract isTransportControlEnabled()
  s            public abstract playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  s            public abstract skipToQueueItem(long)
  t            public abstract getTag()
  v            public abstract playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  w            public abstract getQueue()
  x            public abstract previous()
  z            public abstract play()
  asBinder     public asBinder()
  onTransact   public onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub$Proxy        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vi$u$j)
===============================================================================
  a        public stop()
  c        public getPlaybackState()
  c        public sendMediaButton(android.view.KeyEvent)
  c        public seekTo(long)
  d        public pause()
  d        public setVolumeTo(int,int,java.lang.String)
  e        public unregisterCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  eval_k   public getVolumeAttributes()
  eval_n   public fastForward()
  eval_o   public getQueueTitle()
  eval_p   public getRatingType()
  eval_w   public getInterfaceDescriptor()
  eval_x   public getExtras()
  g        public rewind()
  h        public registerCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  h        public sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  i        public getPackageName()
  j        public getFlags()
  j        public adjustVolume(int,int,java.lang.String)
  k        public getMetadata()
  l        public rate(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  n        public next()
  o        public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper)
  p        public getLaunchPendingIntent()
  s        public isTransportControlEnabled()
  s        public playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  s        public skipToQueueItem(long)
  t        public getTag()
  v        public playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  w        public getQueue()
  x        public previous()
  z        public play()
  asBinder public asBinder()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9)
===============================================================================
  a        public unregisterCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  b        public getSessionActivity()
  c        public getFlags()
  d        public getPlaybackInfo()
  e        public registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  eval__   public getQueueTitle()
  eval_a   public getQueue()
  f        public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  g        public getPlaybackState()
  k        public setVolumeTo(int,int)
  l        public getMetadata()
  l        public dispatchMediaButtonEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  m        public getMediaController()
  o        public getSessionToken()
  q        public getTransportControls()
  r        public getExtras()
  t        public registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  w        public getPackageName()
  x        public adjustVolume(int,int)
  y        public getRatingType()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$j)
===============================================================================
  b            public onQueueTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_l       static access$302(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,boolean)
  h            public onExtrasChanged(android.os.Bundle)
  h            static access$200(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  j            static access$300(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  j            public onPlaybackStateChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  j            public onSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  l            public onQueueChanged(java.util.List)
  s            static access$400(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  t            public onAudioInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$PlaybackInfo)
  x            public onSessionDestroyed()
  x            public onMetadataChanged(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  y            static access$500(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  z            private setHandler(android.os.Handler)
  binderDied   public binderDied()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$IOException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$MessageHandler   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$j$g)
===============================================================================
  x                public post(int,java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$StubApi21        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$j$s)
===============================================================================
  e    public onMetadataChanged(java.lang.Object)
  e    public onSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  h    public onPlaybackStateChanged(java.lang.Object)
  j    public onSessionDestroyed()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$StubCompat       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$j$m)
===============================================================================
  a    public onEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  e    public onPlaybackStateChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  n    public onMetadataChanged(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  o    public onQueueChanged(java.util.List)
  p    public onQueueTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s    public onSessionDestroyed()
  u    public onVolumeInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  x    public onExtrasChanged(android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Exception (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImpl       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$f)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract dispatchMediaButtonEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  b        public abstract sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  c        public abstract unregisterCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  e        public abstract getQueue()
  eval_c   public abstract getPackageName()
  eval_l   public abstract getPlaybackInfo()
  eval_o   public abstract adjustVolume(int,int)
  eval_r   public abstract getRatingType()
  g        public abstract getPlaybackState()
  j        public abstract getTransportControls()
  o        public abstract getExtras()
  p        public abstract getMetadata()
  p        public abstract setVolumeTo(int,int)
  t        public abstract getMediaController()
  u        public abstract getQueueTitle()
  w        public abstract registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  x        public abstract getSessionActivity()
  y        public abstract getFlags()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplApi21  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$r)
===============================================================================
  b        public dispatchMediaButtonEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  b        public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  c        public unregisterCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  e        public getQueue()
  eval_c   public getPackageName()
  eval_l   public getPlaybackInfo()
  eval_o   public adjustVolume(int,int)
  eval_r   public getRatingType()
  g        public getPlaybackState()
  j        public getTransportControls()
  o        public getExtras()
  p        public getMetadata()
  p        public setVolumeTo(int,int)
  t        public getMediaController()
  u        public getQueueTitle()
  w        public registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  x        public getSessionActivity()
  y        public getFlags()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplBase   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$i)
===============================================================================
  b        public dispatchMediaButtonEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  b        public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  c        public unregisterCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  e        public getQueue()
  eval_c   public getPackageName()
  eval_l   public getPlaybackInfo()
  eval_o   public adjustVolume(int,int)
  eval_r   public getRatingType()
  g        public getPlaybackState()
  j        public getTransportControls()
  o        public getExtras()
  p        public getMetadata()
  p        public setVolumeTo(int,int)
  t        public getMediaController()
  u        public getQueueTitle()
  w        public registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  x        public getSessionActivity()
  y        public getFlags()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$PlaybackInfo      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$t)
===============================================================================
  a    public getCurrentVolume()
  b    public getVolumeControl()
  c    public getMaxVolume()
  w    public getAudioStream()
  x    public getPlaybackType()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControls (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$z)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  b        public abstract playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  c        public abstract playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  e        public abstract sendCustomAction(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_d   public abstract rewind()
  k        public abstract skipToPrevious()
  l        public abstract skipToNext()
  m        public abstract fastForward()
  m        public abstract setRating(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  q        public abstract skipToQueueItem(long)
  s        public abstract pause()
  t        public abstract seekTo(long)
  u        public abstract stop()
  x        public abstract play()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControlsApi21    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$eval_x)
===============================================================================
  a        public sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  b        public playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  c        public playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  e        public sendCustomAction(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_d   public rewind()
  k        public skipToPrevious()
  l        public skipToNext()
  m        public fastForward()
  m        public setRating(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  q        public skipToQueueItem(long)
  s        public pause()
  t        public seekTo(long)
  u        public stop()
  x        public play()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControlsBase     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c9$h)
===============================================================================
  a        public sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  b        public playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  c        public playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  e        public sendCustomAction(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_d   public rewind()
  k        public skipToPrevious()
  l        public skipToNext()
  m        public fastForward()
  m        public setRating(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  q        public skipToQueueItem(long)
  s        public pause()
  t        public seekTo(long)
  u        public stop()
  x        public play()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y6)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getTransportControls(java.lang.Object)
  b        public static getQueue(java.lang.Object)
  c        public static getPlaybackInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_e   public static getFlags(java.lang.Object)
  eval_m   public static getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public static getMetadata(java.lang.Object)
  g        public static registerCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,android.os.Handler)
  g        public static sendCommand(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  i        public static getSessionActivity(java.lang.Object)
  j        public static dispatchMediaButtonEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.KeyEvent)
  l        public static getExtras(java.lang.Object)
  l        public static adjustVolume(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  m        public static fromToken(android.content.Context,java.lang.Object)
  p        public static unregisterCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  u        public static getRatingType(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static setVolumeTo(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  x        public static createCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Callback)
  y        public static getQueueTitle(java.lang.Object)
  z        public static getPlaybackState(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Callback     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y6$n)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract onMetadataChanged(java.lang.Object)
  e    public abstract onSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  h    public abstract onPlaybackStateChanged(java.lang.Object)
  j    public abstract onSessionDestroyed()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$CallbackProxy        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y6$c)
===============================================================================
  onMetadataChanged        public onMetadataChanged(android.media.MediaMetadata)
  onPlaybackStateChanged   public onPlaybackStateChanged(android.media.session.PlaybackState)
  onSessionDestroyed       public onSessionDestroyed()
  onSessionEvent           public onSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Exception    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$PlaybackInfo (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y6$_)
===============================================================================
  c        public static getAudioAttributes(java.lang.Object)
  d        public static getPlaybackType(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public static getMaxVolume(java.lang.Object)
  eval_t   public static getLegacyAudioStream(java.lang.Object)
  i        private static toLegacyStreamType(android.media.AudioAttributes)
  o        public static getVolumeControl(java.lang.Object)
  y        public static getCurrentVolume(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$TransportControls    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y6$a)
===============================================================================
  c        public static pause(java.lang.Object)
  d        public static rewind(java.lang.Object)
  eval_a   public static fastForward(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public static skipToNext(java.lang.Object)
  h        public static playFromMediaId(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  i        public static play(java.lang.Object)
  i        public static setRating(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  l        public static stop(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static playFromSearch(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  r        public static seekTo(java.lang.Object,long)
  s        public static sendCustomAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  s        public static skipToQueueItem(java.lang.Object,long)
  y        public static skipToPrevious(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu)
===============================================================================
  b        public removeOnActiveChangeListener(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$OnActiveChangeListener)
  b        public setPlaybackState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  b        public sendSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  c        public addOnActiveChangeListener(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$OnActiveChangeListener)
  c        public setFlags(int)
  c        public setQueue(java.util.List)
  d        public setMediaButtonReceiver(android.app.PendingIntent)
  e        public getController()
  e        public setSessionActivity(android.app.PendingIntent)
  e        public setPlaybackToRemote(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)
  eval_s   public getRemoteControlClient()
  f        public setActive(boolean)
  h        public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  i        public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  i        public setPlaybackToLocal(int)
  l        public getSessionToken()
  m        public getMediaSession()
  n        public isActive()
  q        public release()
  s        public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback)
  u        public static obtain(android.content.Context,java.lang.Object)
  x        public setRatingType(int)
  y        public setMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  y        public setQueueTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$o)
===============================================================================
  c        public onFastForward()
  d        public onPlay()
  eval_n   public onRewind()
  f        public onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  j        public onCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  n        public onStop()
  o        public onSeekTo(long)
  q        public onSkipToNext()
  q        public onPlayFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  r        public onSkipToQueueItem(long)
  s        public onSkipToPrevious()
  s        public onSetRating(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  x        public onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  y        public onPause()
  z        public onPlayFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$NullPointerException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$StubApi21   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$o$o)
===============================================================================
  c        public onFastForward()
  c        public onPlayFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  d        public onSkipToNext()
  eval_d   public onCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_q   public onSetRating(java.lang.Object)
  g        public onPlayFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  g        public onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  h        public onRewind()
  j        public onSkipToPrevious()
  j        public onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  k        public onStop()
  m        public onPause()
  m        public onSeekTo(long)
  n        public onPlay()
  u        public onSkipToQueueItem(long)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImpl     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$w)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract setFlags(int)
  c    public abstract release()
  c    public abstract setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  d    public abstract setPlaybackState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  d    public abstract setQueueTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  e    public abstract setSessionActivity(android.app.PendingIntent)
  f    public abstract setMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  f    public abstract setActive(boolean)
  f    public abstract setRatingType(int)
  h    public abstract setPlaybackToLocal(int)
  o    public abstract getMediaSession()
  o    public abstract setPlaybackToRemote(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)
  o    public abstract sendSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  o    public abstract setQueue(java.util.List)
  p    public abstract setMediaButtonReceiver(android.app.PendingIntent)
  p    public abstract setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  u    public abstract getRemoteControlClient()
  v    public abstract isActive()
  x    public abstract getSessionToken()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplApi21        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$eval_i)
===============================================================================
  b    public setFlags(int)
  c    public release()
  c    public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  d    public setPlaybackState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  d    public setQueueTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  e    public setSessionActivity(android.app.PendingIntent)
  f    public setMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  f    public setActive(boolean)
  f    public setRatingType(int)
  h    public setPlaybackToLocal(int)
  o    public getMediaSession()
  o    public setPlaybackToRemote(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)
  o    public sendSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  o    public setQueue(java.util.List)
  p    public setMediaButtonReceiver(android.app.PendingIntent)
  p    public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  u    public getRemoteControlClient()
  v    public isActive()
  x    public getSessionToken()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$q)
===============================================================================
  a        static access$300(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  b        public setFlags(int)
  c        public release()
  c        public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  c        static access$500(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase,android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  d        static access$200(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  d        public setPlaybackState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  d        public setQueueTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  e        public setSessionActivity(android.app.PendingIntent)
  e        static access$2200(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  eval_c   static access$1900(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  eval_f   static access$1100(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  eval_g   static access$2000(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  eval_h   static access$1800(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  eval_p   static access$700(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  eval_z   private update()
  f        public setMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  f        static access$2100(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  f        public setActive(boolean)
  f        public setRatingType(int)
  f        private sendQueueTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  g        private sendSessionDestroyed()
  g        private sendEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  h        static access$900(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  h        public setPlaybackToLocal(int)
  i        static access$400(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  k        private getStateWithUpdatedPosition()
  k        static access$1000(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  k        static access$1700(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase,int,int)
  n        private sendQueue(java.util.List)
  o        public getMediaSession()
  o        public setPlaybackToRemote(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)
  o        static access$1200(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  o        public sendSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  o        public setQueue(java.util.List)
  p        public setMediaButtonReceiver(android.app.PendingIntent)
  p        public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  q        static access$2400(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  r        static access$1400(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  r        static access$1600(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase,int,int)
  s        private setVolumeTo(int,int)
  u        public getRemoteControlClient()
  v        public isActive()
  v        static access$1500(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  w        private sendMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  w        static access$2300(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  w        private adjustVolume(int,int)
  x        public getSessionToken()
  y        static access$800(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  y        private sendVolumeInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  z        static access$1300(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  z        private sendState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$q$1)
===============================================================================
  i    public onVolumeChanged(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$2       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$q$2)
===============================================================================
  b    public onFastForward()
  d    public onSkipToPrevious()
  g    public onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  m    public onStop()
  n    public onPlay()
  o    public onRewind()
  p    public onSkipToNext()
  p    public onSeekTo(long)
  u    public onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  v    public onSetRating(java.lang.Object)
  x    public onPause()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$Command (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$q$r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$MediaSessionStub        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$q$eval__)
===============================================================================
  a        public stop()
  c        public getPlaybackState()
  c        public sendMediaButton(android.view.KeyEvent)
  c        public seekTo(long)
  d        public pause()
  d        public setVolumeTo(int,int,java.lang.String)
  e        public unregisterCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  eval_k   public getVolumeAttributes()
  eval_n   public fastForward()
  eval_o   public getQueueTitle()
  eval_p   public getRatingType()
  eval_x   public getExtras()
  g        public rewind()
  h        public registerCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  h        public sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  i        public getPackageName()
  j        public getFlags()
  j        public adjustVolume(int,int,java.lang.String)
  k        public getMetadata()
  l        public rate(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  n        public next()
  o        public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper)
  p        public getLaunchPendingIntent()
  s        public isTransportControlEnabled()
  s        public playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  s        public skipToQueueItem(long)
  t        public getTag()
  v        public playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  w        public getQueue()
  x        public previous()
  z        public play()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$MessageHandler  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$q$x)
===============================================================================
  d                public post(int,java.lang.Object)
  d                public post(int,java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  f                public post(int,java.lang.Object,int)
  y                public post(int)
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$ParseException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$OnActiveChangeListener       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$eval_l)
===============================================================================
  o    public abstract onActiveChanged()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$j)
===============================================================================
  o                public static obtain(java.lang.Object)
  v                public getDescription()
  w                public getQueueId()
  y                public getQueueItem()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem$1  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$j$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$g)
===============================================================================
  eval_g           static access$600(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$g$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper$IOException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$s)
===============================================================================
  p                public getToken()
  t                public static fromToken(java.lang.Object)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vu$s$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token$ParseException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ws)
===============================================================================
  g    public static createRemoteControlClient(android.app.PendingIntent)
  j    static getRccStateFromState(int)
  n    public static setMetadata(java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  p    public static registerRemoteControlClient(android.content.Context,java.lang.Object)
  v    public static unregisterRemoteControlClient(android.content.Context,java.lang.Object)
  v    static buildOldMetadata(android.os.Bundle,android.media.RemoteControlClient$MetadataEditor)
  x    public static setState(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14$Callback        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ws$p)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onFastForward()
  d    public abstract onSkipToPrevious()
  g    public abstract onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  m    public abstract onStop()
  n    public abstract onPlay()
  o    public abstract onRewind()
  p    public abstract onSkipToNext()
  p    public abstract onSeekTo(long)
  u    public abstract onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  v    public abstract onSetRating(java.lang.Object)
  x    public abstract onPause()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zc)
===============================================================================
  a    public static createPlaybackPositionUpdateListener(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14$Callback)
  e    public static setOnPlaybackPositionUpdateListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  r    public static unregisterMediaButtonEventReceiver(android.content.Context,android.app.PendingIntent)
  x    public static registerMediaButtonEventReceiver(android.content.Context,android.app.PendingIntent)
  y    public static setState(java.lang.Object,int,long,float,long)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18$OnPlaybackPositionUpdateListener        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zc$s)
===============================================================================
  onPlaybackPositionUpdate public onPlaybackPositionUpdate(long)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d6)
===============================================================================
  g    public static createMetadataUpdateListener(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14$Callback)
  n    public static setOnMetadataUpdateListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  x    static addNewMetadata(android.os.Bundle,android.media.RemoteControlClient$MetadataEditor)
  x    public static setMetadata(java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle,boolean)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19$OnMetadataUpdateListener        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d6$f)
===============================================================================
  onMetadataUpdate public onMetadataUpdate(int,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gp)
===============================================================================
  e        public static setActive(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_z   public static verifyToken(java.lang.Object)
  g        public static verifySession(java.lang.Object)
  g        public static setPlaybackState(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  h        public static setCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,android.os.Handler)
  k        public static setFlags(java.lang.Object,int)
  l        public static createSession(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  l        public static isActive(java.lang.Object)
  l        public static sendSessionEvent(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  m        public static setPlaybackToLocal(java.lang.Object,int)
  n        public static setMetadata(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  o        public static setMediaButtonReceiver(java.lang.Object,android.app.PendingIntent)
  p        public static setSessionActivity(java.lang.Object,android.app.PendingIntent)
  p        public static setPlaybackToRemote(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  q        public static getSessionToken(java.lang.Object)
  s        public static release(java.lang.Object)
  u        public static setQueueTitle(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  u        public static setQueue(java.lang.Object,java.util.List)
  v        public static setExtras(java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  z        public static createCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$Callback)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$Callback        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gp$x)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract onFastForward()
  c        public abstract onPlayFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  d        public abstract onSkipToNext()
  eval_d   public abstract onCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_q   public abstract onSetRating(java.lang.Object)
  g        public abstract onPlayFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  g        public abstract onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  h        public abstract onRewind()
  j        public abstract onSkipToPrevious()
  j        public abstract onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  k        public abstract onStop()
  m        public abstract onPause()
  m        public abstract onSeekTo(long)
  n        public abstract onPlay()
  u        public abstract onSkipToQueueItem(long)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$CallbackProxy   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gp$t)
===============================================================================
  onCommand            public onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  onFastForward        public onFastForward()
  onMediaButtonEvent   public onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  onPause              public onPause()
  onPlay               public onPlay()
  onRewind             public onRewind()
  onSeekTo             public onSeekTo(long)
  onSetRating          public onSetRating(android.media.Rating)
  onSkipToNext         public onSkipToNext()
  onSkipToPrevious     public onSkipToPrevious()
  onStop               public onStop()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$QueueItem       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gp$p)
===============================================================================
  i    public static createItem(java.lang.Object,long)
  j    public static getDescription(java.lang.Object)
  x    public static getQueueId(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi22 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p2)
===============================================================================
  n    public static setRatingType(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi22$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi8  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wn)
===============================================================================
  j    public static unregisterMediaButtonEventReceiver(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName)
  t    public static registerMediaButtonEventReceiver(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi8$NullPointerException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_iw)
===============================================================================
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo$1  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_iw$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_df)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s2)
===============================================================================
  a                public getErrorMessage()
  a                static access$800(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  b                static access$400(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  e                public getState()
  eval__           static access$900(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  eval_b           public getLastPositionUpdateTime()
  eval_f           static access$500(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  h                static access$600(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  l                public getActions()
  l                public static fromPlaybackState(java.lang.Object)
  r                public getPosition()
  t                public getPlaybackState()
  v                public getBufferedPosition()
  x                public getPlaybackSpeed()
  x                static access$300(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  y                static access$700(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s2$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$Builder     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s2$x)
===============================================================================
  c    public setState(int,long,float)
  h    public setState(int,long,float,long)
  i    public setActions(long)
  j    public setErrorMessage(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v    public setBufferedPosition(long)
  w    public build()

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s2$s)
===============================================================================
  c                public getExtras()
  eval_n           public getAction()
  v                public getIcon()
  y                public getName()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s2$s$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$Builder        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s2$s$j)
===============================================================================
  a    public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  i    public build()

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$NullPointerException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zs)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gm)
===============================================================================
  d        public static getActions(java.lang.Object)
  eval_u   public static getErrorMessage(java.lang.Object)
  i        public static getPosition(java.lang.Object)
  j        public static newInstance(int,long,long,float,long,java.lang.CharSequence,long)
  j        public static getPlaybackSpeed(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static getLastPositionUpdateTime(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static getState(java.lang.Object)
  x        public static getBufferedPosition(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21$ParseException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nl)
===============================================================================
  l    public static isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)
  n    public static getNetworkInfoFromBroadcast(android.net.ConnectivityManager,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$BaseConnectivityManagerCompatImpl       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nl$r)
===============================================================================
  y    public isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$ConnectivityManagerCompatImpl   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nl$u)
===============================================================================
  y    public abstract isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$GingerbreadConnectivityManagerCompatImpl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nl$eval_k)
===============================================================================
  y    public isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$HoneycombMR2ConnectivityManagerCompatImpl       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nl$k)
===============================================================================
  y    public isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ia)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$JellyBeanConnectivityManagerCompatImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nl$l)
===============================================================================
  y    public isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatGingerbread      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_my)
===============================================================================
  a    public static isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatGingerbread$Exception    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatHoneycombMR2     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xf)
===============================================================================
  s    public static isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatHoneycombMR2$NullPointerException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_iy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatJellyBean        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cv)
===============================================================================
  t    public static isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatJellyBean$ParseException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z8)
===============================================================================
  d        public static clearThreadStatsTag()
  eval_l   public static setThreadStatsTag(int)
  f        public static untagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  g        public static tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  l        public static incrementOperationCount(int,int)
  o        public static getThreadStatsTag()
  u        public static incrementOperationCount(int)

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z8$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z8$z)
===============================================================================
  e        public setThreadStatsTag(int)
  eval_z   public untagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  i        public tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  k        public getThreadStatsTag()
  n        public incrementOperationCount(int)
  n        public incrementOperationCount(int,int)
  u        public clearThreadStatsTag()

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z8$z$1)
===============================================================================
  initialValue protected initialValue()
  initialValue protected volatile initialValue()

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$IOException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$SocketTags  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z8$z$k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$IcsTrafficStatsCompatImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z8$q)
===============================================================================
  e        public setThreadStatsTag(int)
  eval_z   public untagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  i        public tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  k        public getThreadStatsTag()
  n        public incrementOperationCount(int)
  n        public incrementOperationCount(int,int)
  u        public clearThreadStatsTag()

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$TrafficStatsCompatImpl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z8$u)
===============================================================================
  e        public abstract setThreadStatsTag(int)
  eval_z   public abstract untagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  i        public abstract tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  k        public abstract getThreadStatsTag()
  n        public abstract incrementOperationCount(int)
  n        public abstract incrementOperationCount(int,int)
  u        public abstract clearThreadStatsTag()

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompatIcs     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u1)
===============================================================================
  a    public static incrementOperationCount(int)
  e    public static untagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  l    public static setThreadStatsTag(int)
  m    public static getThreadStatsTag()
  p    public static incrementOperationCount(int,int)
  r    public static tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  w    public static clearThreadStatsTag()

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompatIcs$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompat    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tf)
===============================================================================
  z    public static transient executeParallel(android.os.AsyncTask,java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompat$ParseException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompatHoneycomb   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jf)
===============================================================================
  m    static transient executeParallel(android.os.AsyncTask,java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompat  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__r)
===============================================================================
  g    public static getStorageState(java.io.File)

android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompat$Exception        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__y)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompatKitKat    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tz)
===============================================================================
  v    public static getStorageState(java.io.File)

android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompatKitKat$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s_)
===============================================================================
  v    public static newCreator(android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat$CompatCreator     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s_$b)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat$IOException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z_)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  u    public abstract newArray(int)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks$Exception (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ov)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w2)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  newArray         public newArray(int)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2$ParseException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2Stub    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b1)
===============================================================================
  j    static instantiate(android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2Stub$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hu)
===============================================================================
  c        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  d        public getScaleMode()
  e        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri)
  eval__   public getColorMode()
  g        public setOrientation(int)
  k        public static systemSupportsPrint()
  m        public getOrientation()
  m        public setScaleMode(int)
  o        public setColorMode(int)
  o        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  p        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hu$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ye)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hu$l)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract onFinish()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hu$_)
===============================================================================
  eval_t   public setOrientation(int)
  h        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  i        public getColorMode()
  r        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  t        public getScaleMode()
  v        public setScaleMode(int)
  z        public getOrientation()
  z        public setColorMode(int)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$1     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hu$_$1)
===============================================================================
  s    public onFinish()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$2     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hu$_$2)
===============================================================================
  s    public onFinish()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$IOException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ip)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperStubImpl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hu$k)
===============================================================================
  eval_t   public setOrientation(int)
  h        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  i        public getColorMode()
  r        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  t        public getScaleMode()
  v        public setScaleMode(int)
  z        public getOrientation()
  z        public setColorMode(int)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperVersionImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hu$eval_o)
===============================================================================
  eval_t   public abstract setOrientation(int)
  h        public abstract printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  i        public abstract getColorMode()
  r        public abstract printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  t        public abstract getScaleMode()
  v        public abstract setScaleMode(int)
  z        public abstract getOrientation()
  z        public abstract setColorMode(int)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cq)
===============================================================================
  c        private loadBitmap(android.net.Uri,android.graphics.BitmapFactory$Options)
  e        static access$300(android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat)
  eval_m   public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  eval_o   static access$000(android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat,int,int,android.graphics.RectF,int)
  eval_x   public setOrientation(int)
  g        public getColorMode()
  h        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  i        static access$200(android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat,android.net.Uri,int)
  n        public getScaleMode()
  o        private getMatrix(int,int,android.graphics.RectF,int)
  q        private loadConstrainedBitmap(android.net.Uri,int)
  u        public getOrientation()
  u        public setScaleMode(int)
  v        public setColorMode(int)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$1     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cq$1)
===============================================================================
  onFinish public onFinish()
  onLayout public onLayout(android.print.PrintAttributes,android.print.PrintAttributes,android.os.CancellationSignal,android.print.PrintDocumentAdapter$LayoutResultCallback,android.os.Bundle)
  onWrite  public onWrite(android.print.PageRange[],android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor,android.os.CancellationSignal,android.print.PrintDocumentAdapter$WriteResultCallback)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cq$2)
===============================================================================
  b        private cancelLoad()
  v        static access$100(android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2)
  onFinish public onFinish()
  onLayout public onLayout(android.print.PrintAttributes,android.print.PrintAttributes,android.os.CancellationSignal,android.print.PrintDocumentAdapter$LayoutResultCallback,android.os.Bundle)
  onWrite  public onWrite(android.print.PageRange[],android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor,android.os.CancellationSignal,android.print.PrintDocumentAdapter$WriteResultCallback)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cq$2$1)
===============================================================================
  c                protected transient doInBackground(android.net.Uri[])
  d                protected onPostExecute(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  e                protected onCancelled(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  doInBackground   protected volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  onCancelled      protected volatile onCancelled(java.lang.Object)
  onPostExecute    protected volatile onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
  onPreExecute     protected onPreExecute()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cq$2$1$1)
===============================================================================
  onCancel public onCancel()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$OnPrintFinishCallback (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cq$g)
===============================================================================
  s    public abstract onFinish()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ky)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentFile (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rp)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract exists()
  e        public abstract length()
  e        public static fromTreeUri(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  eval_a   public abstract canRead()
  eval_t   public abstract listFiles()
  eval_v   public abstract delete()
  eval_y   public abstract getType()
  f        public abstract getUri()
  f        public static isDocumentUri(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  j        public abstract isDirectory()
  j        public findFile(java.lang.String)
  k        public abstract lastModified()
  l        public getParentFile()
  l        public abstract renameTo(java.lang.String)
  q        public abstract getName()
  t        public abstract createFile(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  u        public static fromFile(java.io.File)
  v        public abstract canWrite()
  x        public static fromSingleUri(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  z        public abstract isFile()
  z        public abstract createDirectory(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentFile$NullPointerException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi19       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_az)
===============================================================================
  a        public static exists(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  c        private static queryForLong(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,long)
  d        private static getRawType(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  d        private static closeQuietly(java.lang.AutoCloseable)
  e        public static getName(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  eval_o   public static canWrite(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  eval_s   public static length(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  l        public static isDocumentUri(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  m        public static isDirectory(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  n        public static getType(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  o        public static lastModified(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  o        private static queryForInt(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,int)
  q        public static canRead(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  t        public static isFile(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  t        private static queryForString(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  z        public static delete(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi19$NullPointerException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi21       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u4)
===============================================================================
  a    public static listFiles(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  g    public static createFile(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  o    public static prepareTreeUri(android.net.Uri)
  q    public static renameTo(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String)
  r    private static closeQuietly(java.lang.AutoCloseable)
  s    public static createDirectory(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi21$NullPointerException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.RawDocumentFile      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vb)
===============================================================================
  c        public exists()
  d        private static deleteContents(java.io.File)
  e        public length()
  eval_a   public canRead()
  eval_t   public listFiles()
  eval_v   public delete()
  eval_y   public getType()
  f        public getUri()
  j        public isDirectory()
  k        public lastModified()
  l        public renameTo(java.lang.String)
  q        public getName()
  t        public createFile(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  v        public canWrite()
  v        private static getTypeForName(java.lang.String)
  z        public isFile()
  z        public createDirectory(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.provider.RawDocumentFile$IOException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.SingleDocumentFile   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__k)
===============================================================================
  c        public exists()
  e        public length()
  eval_a   public canRead()
  eval_t   public listFiles()
  eval_v   public delete()
  eval_y   public getType()
  f        public getUri()
  j        public isDirectory()
  k        public lastModified()
  l        public renameTo(java.lang.String)
  q        public getName()
  t        public createFile(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  v        public canWrite()
  z        public isFile()
  z        public createDirectory(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.provider.SingleDocumentFile$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.TreeDocumentFile     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dq)
===============================================================================
  c        public exists()
  e        public length()
  eval_a   public canRead()
  eval_t   public listFiles()
  eval_v   public delete()
  eval_y   public getType()
  f        public getUri()
  j        public isDirectory()
  k        public lastModified()
  l        public renameTo(java.lang.String)
  q        public getName()
  t        public createFile(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  v        public canWrite()
  z        public isFile()
  z        public createDirectory(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.provider.TreeDocumentFile$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICS    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zo)
===============================================================================
  n    static construct(android.content.Context,android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech$OnInitListener,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICS$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_td)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_km)
===============================================================================
  b    static getFeatures(android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech,java.util.Locale)
  x    static setUtteranceProgressListener(android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech,android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$UtteranceProgressListenerICSMR1)

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_km$1)
===============================================================================
  onDone   public onDone(java.lang.String)
  onError  public onError(java.lang.String)
  onStart  public onStart(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$2       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_km$2)
===============================================================================
  onUtteranceCompleted public onUtteranceCompleted(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$UtteranceProgressListenerICSMR1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_km$a)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract onStart(java.lang.String)
  n    public abstract onDone(java.lang.String)
  q    public abstract onError(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hb)
===============================================================================
  a        static access$200()
  a        public unicodeWrap(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat)
  b        public static getInstance()
  c        public isRtl(java.lang.String)
  eval_g   private static isRtlLocale(java.util.Locale)
  eval_k   static access$300()
  eval_v   static access$100()
  g        public getStereoReset()
  n        public unicodeWrap(java.lang.String)
  n        public unicodeWrap(java.lang.String,boolean)
  p        private markAfter(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat)
  q        public static getInstance(java.util.Locale)
  s        public isRtlContext()
  t        private static getExitDir(java.lang.String)
  t        private markBefore(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat)
  v        public static getInstance(boolean)
  v        static access$000(java.util.Locale)
  y        private static getEntryDir(java.lang.String)
  z        public unicodeWrap(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat,boolean)

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$1  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hb$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$Builder    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hb$f)
===============================================================================
  g    private initialize(boolean)
  i    public setTextDirectionHeuristic(android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat)
  j    private static getDefaultInstanceFromContext(boolean)
  q    public build()
  s    public stereoReset(boolean)

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$DirectionalityEstimator    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hb$m)
===============================================================================
  a        dirTypeForward()
  eval_b   private skipEntityForward()
  eval_u   private skipEntityBackward()
  g        getExitDir()
  l        dirTypeBackward()
  o        private skipTagForward()
  q        private static getCachedDirectionality(char)
  w        private skipTagBackward()
  x        getEntryDir()

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$ParseException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cy)
===============================================================================
  o    public static getScript(java.lang.String)
  z    public static addLikelySubtags(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cy$s)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract getScript(java.lang.String)
  s    public abstract addLikelySubtags(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplBase      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cy$o)
===============================================================================
  a    public getScript(java.lang.String)
  s    public addLikelySubtags(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplIcs       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cy$e)
===============================================================================
  a    public getScript(java.lang.String)
  s    public addLikelySubtags(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$IOException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatIcs     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a1)
===============================================================================
  j    public static getScript(java.lang.String)
  l    public static addLikelySubtags(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hy)
===============================================================================
  eval_o   public abstract isRtl(char[],int,int)
  t        public abstract isRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dw)
===============================================================================
  c    static access$100(int)
  k    private static isRtlTextOrFormat(int)
  o    static access$200(int)
  z    private static isRtlText(int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$1  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dw$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$AnyStrong  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dw$m)
===============================================================================
  eval_f   public checkRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$FirstStrong        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dw$o)
===============================================================================
  eval_f   public checkRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionAlgorithm     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dw$t)
===============================================================================
  eval_f   public abstract checkRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicImpl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dw$g)
===============================================================================
  eval_o   public isRtl(char[],int,int)
  l        protected abstract defaultIsRtl()
  t        public isRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)
  v        private doCheck(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicInternal     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dw$k)
===============================================================================
  l    protected defaultIsRtl()

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicLocale       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dw$a)
===============================================================================
  l    protected defaultIsRtl()

android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w8)
===============================================================================
  h    public static htmlEncode(java.lang.String)
  k    private static getLayoutDirectionFromFirstChar(java.util.Locale)
  r    public static getLayoutDirectionFromLocale(java.util.Locale)

android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat$Exception        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ds)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_po)
===============================================================================
  m        public removeAll(java.util.Collection)
  p        public containsAll(java.util.Collection)
  q        public retainAll(java.util.Collection)
  y        private getCollection()
  entrySet public entrySet()
  keySet   public keySet()
  putAll   public putAll(java.util.Map)
  values   public values()

android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_po$1)
===============================================================================
  d    protected colPut(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  j    protected colGetMap()
  j    protected colSetValue(int,java.lang.Object)
  m    protected colIndexOfKey(java.lang.Object)
  p    protected colIndexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  q    protected colRemoveAt(int)
  r    protected colClear()
  r    protected colGetEntry(int,int)
  s    protected colGetSize()

android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap$ParseException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.AtomicFile       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dj)
===============================================================================
  eval_c   static sync(java.io.FileOutputStream)
  f        public getBaseFile()
  h        public finishWrite(java.io.FileOutputStream)
  j        public readFully()
  l        public failWrite(java.io.FileOutputStream)
  o        public delete()
  v        public startWrite()
  y        public openRead()

android.support.v4.util.AtomicFile$Exception     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.CircularArray    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qn)
===============================================================================
  a        public final get(int)
  b        public final getLast()
  eval_f   private doubleCapacity()
  g        public final popLast()
  l        public final popFirst()
  o        public final addFirst(java.lang.Object)
  p        public final addLast(java.lang.Object)
  q        public final size()
  t        public final getFirst()
  y        public final isEmpty()

android.support.v4.util.CircularArray$ParseException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_su)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.ContainerHelpers (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dx)
===============================================================================
  j    public static idealIntArraySize(int)
  m    public static equal(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  o    static binarySearch(int[],int,int)
  r    static binarySearch(long[],int,long)
  s    public static idealLongArraySize(int)
  y    public static idealByteArraySize(int)

android.support.v4.util.ContainerHelpers$NullPointerException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.DebugUtils       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i5)
===============================================================================
  p    public static buildShortClassTag(java.lang.Object,java.lang.StringBuilder)

android.support.v4.util.DebugUtils$Exception     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.LogWriter        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_at)
===============================================================================
  j        private flushBuilder()
  close    public close()
  flush    public flush()
  write    public write(char[],int,int)

android.support.v4.util.LogWriter$IOException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.LongSparseArray  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wr)
===============================================================================
  c        public valueAt(int)
  clone    public clone()
  d        private gc()
  e        public keyAt(int)
  e        public delete(long)
  eval__   public remove(long)
  i        public setValueAt(int,java.lang.Object)
  i        public get(long)
  k        public put(long,java.lang.Object)
  q        public append(long,java.lang.Object)
  s        public indexOfKey(long)
  t        public get(long,java.lang.Object)
  u        public indexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  v        public removeAt(int)
  w        public clear()
  y        public size()
  clone    public volatile clone()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.util.LongSparseArray$Exception        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.LruCache (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vx)
===============================================================================
  c        public final synchronized size()
  eval_e   public final synchronized evictionCount()
  eval_m   private safeSizeOf(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public final synchronized snapshot()
  f        public resize(int)
  g        public final synchronized missCount()
  g        public trimToSize(int)
  h        public final synchronized hitCount()
  i        public final remove(java.lang.Object)
  p        public final evictAll()
  p        protected sizeOf(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  r        public final put(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  u        public final synchronized maxSize()
  u        protected entryRemoved(boolean,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  u        public final get(java.lang.Object)
  w        public final synchronized putCount()
  z        public final synchronized createCount()
  z        protected create(java.lang.Object)
  toString public final synchronized toString()

android.support.v4.util.LruCache$ParseException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s5)
===============================================================================
  b    public static retainAllHelper(java.util.Map,java.util.Collection)
  d    protected abstract colPut(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  e    public getValues()
  i    public getKeySet()
  i    public static removeAllHelper(java.util.Map,java.util.Collection)
  j    protected abstract colGetMap()
  j    protected abstract colSetValue(int,java.lang.Object)
  m    protected abstract colIndexOfKey(java.lang.Object)
  p    protected abstract colIndexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  q    protected abstract colRemoveAt(int)
  r    protected abstract colClear()
  r    public toArrayHelper(int)
  r    protected abstract colGetEntry(int,int)
  s    protected abstract colGetSize()
  s    public static containsAllHelper(java.util.Map,java.util.Collection)
  s    public static equalsSetHelper(java.util.Set,java.lang.Object)
  u    public getEntrySet()
  u    public toArrayHelper(java.lang.Object[],int)

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$ArrayIterator     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s5$d)
===============================================================================
  hasNext  public hasNext()
  next     public next()
  remove   public remove()

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$EntrySet  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s5$h)
===============================================================================
  m            public add(java.util.Map$Entry)
  add          public volatile add(java.lang.Object)
  addAll       public addAll(java.util.Collection)
  clear        public clear()
  contains     public contains(java.lang.Object)
  containsAll  public containsAll(java.util.Collection)
  equals       public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode     public hashCode()
  isEmpty      public isEmpty()
  iterator     public iterator()
  remove       public remove(java.lang.Object)
  removeAll    public removeAll(java.util.Collection)
  retainAll    public retainAll(java.util.Collection)
  size         public size()
  toArray      public toArray()
  toArray      public toArray(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$IOException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$KeySet    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s5$y)
===============================================================================
  add          public add(java.lang.Object)
  addAll       public addAll(java.util.Collection)
  clear        public clear()
  contains     public contains(java.lang.Object)
  containsAll  public containsAll(java.util.Collection)
  equals       public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode     public hashCode()
  isEmpty      public isEmpty()
  iterator     public iterator()
  remove       public remove(java.lang.Object)
  removeAll    public removeAll(java.util.Collection)
  retainAll    public retainAll(java.util.Collection)
  size         public size()
  toArray      public toArray()
  toArray      public toArray(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$MapIterator       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s5$_)
===============================================================================
  next     public next()
  equals   public final equals(java.lang.Object)
  getKey   public getKey()
  getValue public getValue()
  hasNext  public hasNext()
  hashCode public final hashCode()
  next     public volatile next()
  remove   public remove()
  setValue public setValue(java.lang.Object)
  toString public final toString()

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$ValuesCollection  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s5$z)
===============================================================================
  add          public add(java.lang.Object)
  addAll       public addAll(java.util.Collection)
  clear        public clear()
  contains     public contains(java.lang.Object)
  containsAll  public containsAll(java.util.Collection)
  isEmpty      public isEmpty()
  iterator     public iterator()
  remove       public remove(java.lang.Object)
  removeAll    public removeAll(java.util.Collection)
  retainAll    public retainAll(java.util.Collection)
  size         public size()
  toArray      public toArray()
  toArray      public toArray(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.util.Pair     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cs)
===============================================================================
  u        public static create(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  w        private static objectsEqual(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()

android.support.v4.util.Pair$IOException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ph)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.Pools    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ci)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.Pools$Exception  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.Pools$Pool       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ci$v)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract acquire()
  o    public abstract release(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.Pools$SimplePool (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ci$d)
===============================================================================
  j    public acquire()
  o    public release(java.lang.Object)
  q    private isInPool(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.Pools$SynchronizedPool   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ci$y)
===============================================================================
  j    public acquire()
  o    public release(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pj)
===============================================================================
  a                private allocArrays(int)
  d                public indexOfKey(java.lang.Object)
  g                public removeAt(int)
  j                indexOf(java.lang.Object,int)
  k                public ensureCapacity(int)
  m                public valueAt(int)
  m                public setValueAt(int,java.lang.Object)
  s                private static freeArrays(int[],java.lang.Object[],int)
  u                public keyAt(int)
  w                indexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  x                indexOfNull()
  x                public putAll(android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap)
  clear            public clear()
  containsKey      public containsKey(java.lang.Object)
  containsValue    public containsValue(java.lang.Object)
  equals           public equals(java.lang.Object)
  get              public get(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode         public hashCode()
  isEmpty          public isEmpty()
  put              public put(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  remove           public remove(java.lang.Object)
  size             public size()
  toString         public toString()

android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap$IOException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.SparseArrayCompat        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h4)
===============================================================================
  clone    public clone()
  d        public setValueAt(int,java.lang.Object)
  e        public delete(int)
  eval_a   public get(int,java.lang.Object)
  f        public remove(int)
  g        public get(int)
  i        public removeAt(int)
  i        public append(int,java.lang.Object)
  l        public size()
  n        public put(int,java.lang.Object)
  q        public indexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  r        public clear()
  r        public keyAt(int)
  w        public valueAt(int)
  x        public removeAtRange(int,int)
  z        private gc()
  z        public indexOfKey(int)
  clone    public volatile clone()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.util.SparseArrayCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ib)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.TimeUtils        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rh)
===============================================================================
  i    private static printField(char[],int,char,int,boolean,int)
  l    public static formatDuration(long,java.lang.StringBuilder)
  o    public static formatDuration(long,long,java.io.PrintWriter)
  p    public static formatDuration(long,java.io.PrintWriter)
  s    public static formatDuration(long,java.io.PrintWriter,int)
  u    private static accumField(int,int,boolean,int)
  w    private static formatDurationLocked(long,int)

android.support.v4.util.TimeUtils$IOException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yx)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  f        public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  g        public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  n        public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  n        public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  r        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  u        public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  x        getBridge()
  y        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  y        public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yx$i)
===============================================================================
  b    public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  c    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  e    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  q    public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  q    public sendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  t    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  u    public newAccessiblityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  u    public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  x    public newAccessiblityDelegateDefaultImpl()

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yx$i$1)
===============================================================================
  i    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  k    public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  s    public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  t    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  v    public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  v    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  z    public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl$NullPointerException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateImpl    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yx$eval__)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  c    public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  e    public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  q    public abstract onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  q    public abstract sendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  t    public abstract onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  u    public abstract newAccessiblityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  u    public abstract dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  w    public abstract getAccessibilityNodeProvider(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  x    public abstract newAccessiblityDelegateDefaultImpl()
  z    public abstract performAccessibilityAction(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yx$p)
===============================================================================
  u    public newAccessiblityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  w    public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  z    public performAccessibilityAction(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yx$p$1)
===============================================================================
  b    public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  h    public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  m    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  p    public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  s    public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  t    public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  y    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  z    public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  z    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateStubImpl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yx$u)
===============================================================================
  b    public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  c    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  e    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  q    public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  q    public sendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  t    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  u    public newAccessiblityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  u    public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  w    public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  x    public newAccessiblityDelegateDefaultImpl()
  z    public performAccessibilityAction(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ox)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fa)
===============================================================================
  a        public static onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  b        public static newAccessibilityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$AccessibilityDelegateBridge)
  b        public static onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  eval_c   public static newAccessibilityDelegateDefaultImpl()
  h        public static sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  o        public static dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  o        public static onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  u        public static sendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  y        public static onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fa$1)
===============================================================================
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onPopulateAccessibilityEvent     public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent  public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  sendAccessibilityEvent           public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked  public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$AccessibilityDelegateBridge       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fa$z)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  k    public abstract dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  s    public abstract sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  t    public abstract onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  v    public abstract onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  v    public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  z    public abstract sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$Exception (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fm)
===============================================================================
  a    public static newAccessibilityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityDelegateBridgeJellyBean)
  g    public static performAccessibilityAction(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  l    public static getAccessibilityNodeProvider(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fm$1)
===============================================================================
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  getAccessibilityNodeProvider     public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onPopulateAccessibilityEvent     public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent  public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  performAccessibilityAction       public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  sendAccessibilityEvent           public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked  public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityDelegateBridgeJellyBean        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fm$d)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  h    public abstract onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  m    public abstract onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  p    public abstract getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  s    public abstract performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  t    public abstract sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  y    public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  z    public abstract sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  z    public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$NullPointerException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v2)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract onCreateActionView()
  eval_g   public onPrepareSubMenu(android.view.SubMenu)
  eval_y   public onPerformDefaultAction()
  f        public subUiVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  i        public setSubUiVisibilityListener(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$SubUiVisibilityListener)
  j        public overridesItemVisibility()
  k        public getContext()
  k        public setVisibilityListener(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$VisibilityListener)
  n        public hasSubMenu()
  n        public onCreateActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  w        public isVisible()
  y        public refreshVisibility()

android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$IOException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ef)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$SubUiVisibilityListener   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v2$g)
===============================================================================
  o    public abstract onSubUiVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$VisibilityListener        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v2$m)
===============================================================================
  m    public abstract onActionProviderVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k4)
===============================================================================
  b    public isLongpressEnabled()
  k    public setIsLongpressEnabled(boolean)
  u    public setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)
  y    public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k4$k)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  s    public abstract isLongpressEnabled()
  s    public abstract setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)
  z    public abstract setIsLongpressEnabled(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k4$j)
===============================================================================
  b    static access$200(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  d    private dispatchLongPress()
  e    static access$502(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase,boolean)
  e    public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  f    private cancelTaps()
  g    private cancel()
  g    static access$000(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  h    static access$300(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  j    static access$100(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  m    static access$400(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  n    private isConsideredDoubleTap(android.view.MotionEvent,android.view.MotionEvent,android.view.MotionEvent)
  s    public isLongpressEnabled()
  s    public setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)
  x    private init(android.content.Context)
  z    public setIsLongpressEnabled(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase$GestureHandler       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k4$j$_)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase$NullPointerException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplJellybeanMr2      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k4$eval_c)
===============================================================================
  e    public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  s    public isLongpressEnabled()
  s    public setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)
  z    public setIsLongpressEnabled(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_se)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_we)
===============================================================================
  j    public static getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)
  m    public static apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  n    public static applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  n    public static apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_we$t)
===============================================================================
  eval_i   public abstract apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  g        public abstract getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)
  m        public abstract apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  x        public abstract applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImplBase      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_we$f)
===============================================================================
  eval_i   public apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  g        public getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)
  m        public apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  x        public applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImplJellybeanMr1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_we$m)
===============================================================================
  eval_i   public apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  g        public getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)
  m        public apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  x        public applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$ParseException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ki)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompatJellybeanMr1        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ij)
===============================================================================
  i    public static applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  l    public static getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)
  q    public static apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  u    public static apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompatJellybeanMr1$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vl)
===============================================================================
  b    public static startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  c    public static metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  g    public static dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  i    public static isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  k    public static hasNoModifiers(android.view.KeyEvent)
  l    public static hasModifiers(android.view.KeyEvent,int)
  p    public static getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)
  p    public static normalizeMetaState(int)
  r    public static metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$BaseKeyEventVersionImpl   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vl$w)
===============================================================================
  c        public getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)
  e        public metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)
  eval_e   public metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  k        public normalizeMetaState(int)
  k        private static metaStateFilterDirectionalModifiers(int,int,int,int,int)
  l        public isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  p        public startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  w        public dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$EclairKeyEventVersionImpl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vl$e)
===============================================================================
  c    public getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)
  l    public isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  p    public startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  w    public dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$HoneycombKeyEventVersionImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vl$r)
===============================================================================
  e        public metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)
  eval_e   public metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  k        public normalizeMetaState(int)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$IOException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_np)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$KeyEventVersionImpl       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vl$z)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)
  e        public abstract metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)
  eval_e   public abstract metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  k        public abstract normalizeMetaState(int)
  l        public abstract isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  p        public abstract startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  w        public abstract dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatEclair     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xi)
===============================================================================
  h    public static startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  l    public static getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)
  t    public static isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  w    public static dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatEclair$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatHoneycomb  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n5)
===============================================================================
  a    public static metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)
  p    public static normalizeMetaState(int)
  q    public static metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatHoneycomb$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ni)
===============================================================================
  b        public static resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  e        public static getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  eval_y   public static isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  f        public static setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  g        public static setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  k        public static getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  s        public static setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  v        public static getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImpl    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ni$y)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  g    public abstract resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  i    public abstract setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  l    public abstract setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  t    public abstract getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  u    public abstract getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  v    public abstract setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  z    public abstract isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImplBase        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ni$n)
===============================================================================
  c    public getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  g    public resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  i    public setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  l    public setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  t    public getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  u    public getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  v    public setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  z    public isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImplJbMr1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ni$t)
===============================================================================
  c    public getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  g    public resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  i    public setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  l    public setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  t    public getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  u    public getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  v    public setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  z    public isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompatJellybeanMr1     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ik)
===============================================================================
  b        public static isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  c        public static resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  e        public static setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  eval_u   public static setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  r        public static getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  s        public static setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  t        public static getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  w        public static getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompatJellybeanMr1$NullPointerException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuCompat       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xy)
===============================================================================
  b    public static setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)

android.support.v4.view.MenuCompat$Exception     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eo)
===============================================================================
  b    public static getActionProvider(android.view.MenuItem)
  d    public static setActionProvider(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  e    public static setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  g    public static setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  l    public static setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  n    public static expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  r    public static getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  v    public static setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)
  y    public static isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  z    public static collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$BaseMenuVersionImpl       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eo$_)
===============================================================================
  f    public setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)
  h    public collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  k    public setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  m    public getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  s    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  w    public isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  y    public expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  y    public setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$HoneycombMenuVersionImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eo$m)
===============================================================================
  f    public setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)
  h    public collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  k    public setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  m    public getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  s    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  w    public isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  y    public expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  y    public setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IOException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eo$q)
===============================================================================
  h    public collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  s    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  w    public isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  y    public expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eo$q$1)
===============================================================================
  b    public onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  v    public onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl$ParseException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$MenuVersionImpl   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eo$w)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)
  h    public abstract collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  k    public abstract setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  m    public abstract getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  s    public abstract setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  w    public abstract isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  y    public abstract expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  y    public abstract setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eo$f)
===============================================================================
  t    public abstract onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  z    public abstract onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatHoneycomb  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ry)
===============================================================================
  e    public static getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  f    public static setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  g    public static setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  r    public static setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatHoneycomb$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m5)
===============================================================================
  b    public static expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  r    public static isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  r    public static setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$SupportActionExpandProxy)
  s    public static collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$OnActionExpandListenerWrapper  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m5$b)
===============================================================================
  onMenuItemActionCollapse public onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  onMenuItemActionExpand   public onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$SupportActionExpandProxy       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m5$z)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  v    public abstract onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ya)
===============================================================================
  c    public static findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  d    public static getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)
  g    public static getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  l    public static getActionMasked(android.view.MotionEvent)
  r    public static getActionIndex(android.view.MotionEvent)
  x    public static getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  z    public static getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ui)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$BaseMotionEventVersionImpl     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ya$z)
===============================================================================
  k    public getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)
  o    public getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  s    public getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  t    public findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  y    public getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$EclairMotionEventVersionImpl   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ya$l)
===============================================================================
  k    public getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)
  o    public getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  s    public getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  t    public findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  y    public getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$MotionEventVersionImpl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ya$n)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)
  o    public abstract getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  s    public abstract getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  t    public abstract findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  y    public abstract getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatEclair  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e9)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  eval_d   public static getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  h        public static getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  x        public static findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  y        public static getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatEclair$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ol)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n2)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)

android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_el)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xp)
===============================================================================
  b    public notifyDataSetChanged()
  e    public startUpdate(android.view.View)
  f    public finishUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  g    public instantiateItem(android.view.View,int)
  h    public unregisterDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)
  k    public setPrimaryItem(android.view.View,int,java.lang.Object)
  l    public startUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  n    public abstract getCount()
  n    public destroyItem(android.view.View,int,java.lang.Object)
  n    public instantiateItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  o    public setPrimaryItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  r    public registerDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)
  r    public getPageWidth(int)
  s    public destroyItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  t    public getPageTitle(int)
  w    public saveState()
  w    public restoreState(android.os.Parcelable,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  w    public finishUpdate(android.view.View)
  x    public getItemPosition(java.lang.Object)
  z    public abstract isViewFromObject(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ly)
===============================================================================
  d                        public getTabIndicatorColor()
  e                        getMinHeight()
  h                        public setTabIndicatorColorResource(int)
  h                        updateTextPositions(int,float,boolean)
  l                        public getDrawFullUnderline()
  l                        public setDrawFullUnderline(boolean)
  p                        public setTextSpacing(int)
  s                        public setTabIndicatorColor(int)
  onDraw                   protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onTouchEvent             public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setBackgroundColor       public setBackgroundColor(int)
  setBackgroundDrawable    public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setBackgroundResource    public setBackgroundResource(int)
  setPadding               public setPadding(int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$1  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ly$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$2  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ly$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$ParseException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ti)
===============================================================================
  e                    getMinHeight()
  eval_x               public setTextColor(int)
  h                    updateAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter,android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  h                    updateTextPositions(int,float,boolean)
  k                    public getTextSpacing()
  m                    public setGravity(int)
  m                    updateText(int,android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  n                    private static setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)
  p                    public setTextSpacing(int)
  u                    static access$100(android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip)
  u                    public setTextSize(int,float)
  x                    public setNonPrimaryAlpha(float)
  onAttachedToWindow   protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout             protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)
  requestLayout        public requestLayout()

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$1        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ti$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$Exception        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PageListener     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ti$s)
===============================================================================
  c            public onPageSelected(int)
  g            public onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  s            public onAdapterChanged(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter,android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  t            public onPageScrollStateChanged(int)
  onChanged    public onChanged()

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ti$u)
===============================================================================
  w    public abstract setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImplBase  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ti$z)
===============================================================================
  w    public setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImplIcs   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ti$r)
===============================================================================
  w    public setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lm)
===============================================================================
  y    public static setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs$SingleLineAllCapsTransform    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lm$p)
===============================================================================
  getTransformation    public getTransformation(java.lang.CharSequence,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oy)
===============================================================================
  i    public static isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  u    public static setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$1     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oy$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$BaseScaleGestureDetectorImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oy$w)
===============================================================================
  j    public isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  m    public setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$NullPointerException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKatImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oy$q)
===============================================================================
  j    public isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  m    public setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$ScaleGestureDetectorImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oy$i)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  m    public abstract setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKat (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xj)
===============================================================================
  k    public static isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  v    public static setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jb)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  x    public static getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$BaseVelocityTrackerVersionImpl     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jb$t)
===============================================================================
  b    public getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  j    public getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$HoneycombVelocityTrackerVersionImpl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jb$h)
===============================================================================
  b    public getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  j    public getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$VelocityTrackerVersionImpl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jb$eval_f)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  j    public abstract getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompatHoneycomb   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d8)
===============================================================================
  f    public static getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  y    public static getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompatHoneycomb$Exception (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx)
===============================================================================
  a        public static dispatchFinishTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  a        public static onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  a        public static performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  b        public static getLayerType(android.view.View)
  c        public static hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  d        public static setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  d        public static setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  e        public static getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  e        public static setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_a   public static setFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View,boolean)
  eval_b   public static getX(android.view.View)
  eval_c   public static jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public static isOpaque(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public static setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_e   public static postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public static getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  eval_g   public static getElevation(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public static getPivotX(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public static setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_k   public static getRotationY(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public static getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public static setSaveFromParentEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  eval_m   public static getRotation(android.view.View)
  eval_n   public static getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  eval_o   public static getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public static getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public static getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public static postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  eval_s   public static getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_s   public static setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  eval_t   public static getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public static getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public static getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public static setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
  eval_x   public static getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  eval_y   public static getY(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public static getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  f        public static requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  g        public static getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
  g        public static setX(android.view.View,float)
  g        public static postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  h        public static dispatchStartTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  i        public static setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  j        public static getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  j        public static setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  k        public static setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  l        public static getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  l        public static setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  l        public static setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  m        public static setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  m        public static setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  n        public static hasAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
  n        public static onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  o        public static animate(android.view.View)
  o        public static setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  p        public static getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  p        public static setY(android.view.View,float)
  p        public static canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  q        public static getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)
  r        public static setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  r        public static postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  s        public static getRotationX(android.view.View)
  t        public static getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  t        public static onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  t        public static canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  t        public static setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  u        public static getScaleX(android.view.View)
  v        public static getScaleY(android.view.View)
  v        public static setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  v        public static resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  w        public static getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  w        public static setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  w        public static setElevation(android.view.View,float)
  x        public static getPivotY(android.view.View)
  x        public static setActivated(android.view.View,boolean)
  x        public static setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  y        public static setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  z        public static getAlpha(android.view.View)
  z        public static setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  z        public static setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  z        public static setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$AccessibilityLiveRegion       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$Api21ViewCompatImpl   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$s)
===============================================================================
  d        public getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  eval_h   public setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  f        public setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  k        public requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  n        public getElevation(android.view.View)
  q        public setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  x        public getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  z        public isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  z        public setElevation(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$BaseViewCompatImpl    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$o)
===============================================================================
  a        public getLayerType(android.view.View)
  a        public setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  b        public getRotationY(android.view.View)
  b        public setFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View,boolean)
  d        public getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  d        public postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  e        public getScaleX(android.view.View)
  e        public setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  eval__   public getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  eval_a   public getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  eval_c   public getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_f   public getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  eval_h   public getPivotY(android.view.View)
  eval_h   public setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  eval_i   public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public getX(android.view.View)
  eval_k   public dispatchFinishTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public isOpaque(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public setX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_n   public getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  eval_o   public getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public getPivotX(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  eval_s   public getAlpha(android.view.View)
  eval_s   public setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_t   public getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public getRotationX(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_x   public getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_x   public setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_y   public dispatchStartTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  f        public canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  f        public setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  g        public getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
  g        public setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  g        public setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  h        public hasAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
  h        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  h        public setSaveFromParentEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  h        public setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  h        public resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  i        public hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  j        public getY(android.view.View)
  k        public requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  k        public setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  k        public postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  l        getFrameTime()
  l        public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  l        public setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)
  m        public postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  n        public getElevation(android.view.View)
  n        public setY(android.view.View,float)
  n        public setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  o        public setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  p        public getScaleY(android.view.View)
  p        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  p        public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  q        public setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  r        public setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  s        public getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  s        public setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  s        public postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  t        public getRotation(android.view.View)
  t        public setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  t        public setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  u        public animate(android.view.View)
  u        public setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  v        private bindTempDetach()
  v        public getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)
  v        public canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  v        public setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  w        public getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  w        public setActivated(android.view.View,boolean)
  x        public getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  x        public setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  x        public setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
  y        public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  z        public isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  z        public setElevation(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$EclairMr1ViewCompatImpl       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$k)
===============================================================================
  eval_l   public isOpaque(android.view.View)
  u        public setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$Exception     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$GBViewCompatImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$v)
===============================================================================
  l    public setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)
  v    public getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$HCViewCompatImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$t)
===============================================================================
  a        public getLayerType(android.view.View)
  b        public getRotationY(android.view.View)
  e        public getScaleX(android.view.View)
  e        public setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_a   public getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_h   public getPivotY(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public getX(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public setX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_o   public getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public getPivotX(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_s   public getAlpha(android.view.View)
  eval_s   public setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_u   public getRotationX(android.view.View)
  eval_x   public getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_x   public setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  g        public setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  g        public setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  h        public setSaveFromParentEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  h        public setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  h        public resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  j        public getY(android.view.View)
  k        public setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  l        getFrameTime()
  n        public setY(android.view.View,float)
  o        public setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  p        public getScaleY(android.view.View)
  r        public setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  s        public getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  s        public setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  t        public getRotation(android.view.View)
  t        public setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  w        public setActivated(android.view.View,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ICSViewCompatImpl     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$e)
===============================================================================
  b    public setFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View,boolean)
  f    public canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  h    public hasAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
  h    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  l    public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  p    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  u    public animate(android.view.View)
  v    public canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  x    public setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ImportantForAccessibility     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$eval_j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JBViewCompatImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$u)
===============================================================================
  a        public setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  d        public postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  eval__   public getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  eval_c   public getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  i        public hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  k        public requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  k        public postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  m        public postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  n        public setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  p        public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  s        public postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  w        public getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  y        public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JbMr1ViewCompatImpl   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$f)
===============================================================================
  eval_d   public getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  eval_n   public getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  eval_t   public getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  g        public setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  t        public setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  v        public setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$KitKatViewCompatImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$r)
===============================================================================
  g    public getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
  n    public setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  x    public setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$LayerType     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$eval_n)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$LayoutDirectionMode   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$eval_s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$OverScroll    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ResolvedLayoutDirectionMode   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$a)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ViewCompatImpl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nx$eval_g)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getLayerType(android.view.View)
  a        public abstract setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  b        public abstract getRotationY(android.view.View)
  b        public abstract setFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View,boolean)
  d        public abstract getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  d        public abstract postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  e        public abstract getScaleX(android.view.View)
  e        public abstract setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  eval__   public abstract getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  eval_a   public abstract getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  eval_c   public abstract getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public abstract getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public abstract getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public abstract setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_f   public abstract getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  eval_h   public abstract getPivotY(android.view.View)
  eval_h   public abstract setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  eval_i   public abstract jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public abstract getX(android.view.View)
  eval_k   public abstract dispatchFinishTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public abstract isOpaque(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public abstract setX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_n   public abstract getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  eval_o   public abstract getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public abstract getPivotX(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public abstract getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public abstract setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  eval_s   public abstract getAlpha(android.view.View)
  eval_s   public abstract setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_t   public abstract getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public abstract getRotationX(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public abstract getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_x   public abstract getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_x   public abstract setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_y   public abstract dispatchStartTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public abstract getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  f        public abstract canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  f        public abstract setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  g        public abstract getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
  g        public abstract setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  g        public abstract setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  h        public abstract hasAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
  h        public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  h        public abstract setSaveFromParentEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  h        public abstract setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  h        public abstract resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  i        public abstract hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  j        public abstract getY(android.view.View)
  k        public abstract requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  k        public abstract setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  k        public abstract postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  l        public abstract onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  l        public abstract setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)
  m        public abstract postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  n        public abstract getElevation(android.view.View)
  n        public abstract setY(android.view.View,float)
  n        public abstract setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  o        public abstract setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  p        public abstract getScaleY(android.view.View)
  p        public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  p        public abstract performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  q        public abstract setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  r        public abstract setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  s        public abstract getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  s        public abstract setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  s        public abstract postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  t        public abstract getRotation(android.view.View)
  t        public abstract setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  t        public abstract setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  u        public abstract animate(android.view.View)
  u        public abstract setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  v        public abstract getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)
  v        public abstract canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  v        public abstract setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  w        public abstract getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  w        public abstract setActivated(android.view.View,boolean)
  x        public abstract getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  x        public abstract setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  x        public abstract setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
  y        public abstract getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  z        public abstract isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  z        public abstract setElevation(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ay)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public static requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public static setElevation(android.view.View,float)
  k        public static setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  r        public static getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  v        public static getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  w        public static setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  w        public static setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  y        public static isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  z        public static getElevation(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21$1        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ay$1)
===============================================================================
  onApplyWindowInsets  public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21$Exception        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatEclairMr1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kp)
===============================================================================
  c    public static isOpaque(android.view.View)
  n    public static setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatEclairMr1$IOException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatGingerbread    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v4)
===============================================================================
  eval_v   public static getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)
  v        public static setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatGingerbread$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ta)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatHC     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zz)
===============================================================================
  a        static getFrameTime()
  a        public static getScaleX(android.view.View)
  b        public static getY(android.view.View)
  b        public static setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_b   public static getRotation(android.view.View)
  eval_p   public static setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_s   public static setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_u   public static getPivotX(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public static setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_z   public static getX(android.view.View)
  f        public static getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  f        public static resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  g        public static getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  h        public static getAlpha(android.view.View)
  h        public static setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  h        public static setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  j        public static getScaleY(android.view.View)
  j        public static setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  l        public static getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  l        public static setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  o        public static getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  o        public static setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  r        public static setSaveFromParentEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  s        public static jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  s        public static setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  t        public static setX(android.view.View,float)
  u        public static getLayerType(android.view.View)
  v        public static getRotationY(android.view.View)
  w        public static setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  x        public static getRotationX(android.view.View)
  x        public static setActivated(android.view.View,boolean)
  y        public static getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  z        public static getPivotY(android.view.View)
  z        public static setY(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_et)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICS    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n4)
===============================================================================
  a    public static setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  b    public static onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  b    public static setFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View,boolean)
  e    public static onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  f    public static canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  l    public static canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  r    public static onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICS$ParseException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJB     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ps)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  b        public static getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  d        public static setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  d        public static performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  e        public static getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public static getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  l        public static postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  m        public static postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  n        public static hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  q        public static requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  t        public static getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  v        public static postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  x        public static setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  x        public static postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  y        public static getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_il)
===============================================================================
  a        public static setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  e        public static getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public static setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  k        public static getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  p        public static getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  r        public static setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  t        public static getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  w        public static getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  y        public static setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatKitKat (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__t)
===============================================================================
  e    public static setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
  o    public static getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatKitKat$NullPointerException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__x)
===============================================================================
  eval_c   public static getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
  s        public static hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$BaseViewConfigurationVersionImpl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__x$v)
===============================================================================
  eval_t   public hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
  u        public getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$FroyoViewConfigurationVersionImpl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__x$h)
===============================================================================
  u    public getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$HoneycombViewConfigurationVersionImpl    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__x$x)
===============================================================================
  eval_t   public hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$IcsViewConfigurationVersionImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__x$f)
===============================================================================
  eval_t   public hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_un)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$ViewConfigurationVersionImpl     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__x$q)
===============================================================================
  eval_t   public abstract hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
  u        public abstract getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatFroyo     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v_)
===============================================================================
  eval_e   public static getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatFroyo$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatICS       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__5)
===============================================================================
  eval_t   static hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatICS$NullPointerException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o5)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)
  d    public static onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  p    public static isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
  r    public static setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  u    public static setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  w    public static setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$Exception        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_us)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatApi21Impl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o5$v)
===============================================================================
  y    public isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
  z    public setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatHCImpl    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o5$j)
===============================================================================
  k    public setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatIcsImpl   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o5$u)
===============================================================================
  eval_j   public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o5$m)
===============================================================================
  eval_j   public abstract onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  g        public abstract getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)
  k        public abstract setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  s        public abstract setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  y        public abstract isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
  z        public abstract setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2Impl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o5$f)
===============================================================================
  g    public getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)
  s    public setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatStubImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o5$x)
===============================================================================
  eval_j   public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  g        public getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)
  k        public setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  s        public setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  y        public isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
  z        public setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatApi21     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m1)
===============================================================================
  b    public static isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
  e    public static setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatApi21$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatHC        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rv)
===============================================================================
  a    public static setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_do)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatIcs       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p5)
===============================================================================
  b    public static onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatIcs$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ow)
===============================================================================
  g    public static setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  w    public static getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hs)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he)
===============================================================================
  a                                protected canScroll(android.view.View,boolean,int,int,int)
  b                                populate()
  b                                public setPageTransformer(boolean,android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PageTransformer)
  c                                public getCurrentItem()
  c                                static access$000(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager,int)
  e                                public setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  e                                setOnAdapterChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener)
  e                                infoForPosition(int)
  eval_a                           pageRight()
  eval_d                           private sortChildDrawingOrder()
  eval_e                           public getOffscreenPageLimit()
  eval_j                           private setScrollState(int)
  eval_l                           public isFakeDragging()
  eval_l                           private calculatePageOffsets(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo,int,android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo)
  eval_l                           populate(int)
  eval_m                           private infoForCurrentScrollPosition()
  eval_n                           initViewPager()
  eval_o                           public getPageMargin()
  eval_w                           private enableLayers(boolean)
  eval_y                           private determineTargetPage(int,float,int,int)
  g                                private pageScrolled(int)
  h                                private getClientWidth()
  h                                public setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
  i                                public endFakeDrag()
  i                                private completeScroll(boolean)
  j                                private setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
  j                                setCurrentItemInternal(int,boolean,boolean)
  k                                private performDrag(float)
  k                                smoothScrollTo(int,int,int)
  l                                private scrollToItem(int,boolean,int,boolean)
  m                                private isGutterDrag(float,float)
  n                                static access$300(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
  n                                setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabledCompat(boolean)
  o                                pageLeft()
  o                                protected onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  p                                public setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
  p                                smoothScrollTo(int,int)
  q                                infoForAnyChild(android.view.View)
  q                                public setPageMargin(int)
  r                                public beginFakeDrag()
  r                                private onSecondaryPointerUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
  s                                public getAdapter()
  s                                public setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  s                                setInternalPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
  t                                public fakeDragBy(float)
  u                                private removeNonDecorViews()
  u                                private requestParentDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)
  u                                distanceInfluenceForSnapDuration(float)
  u                                public setCurrentItem(int,boolean)
  v                                private endDrag()
  v                                infoForChild(android.view.View)
  v                                public arrowScroll(int)
  w                                public setPageMarginDrawable(int)
  w                                addNewItem(int,int)
  x                                dataSetChanged()
  x                                static access$200(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
  x                                public setCurrentItem(int)
  y                                setCurrentItemInternal(int,boolean,boolean,int)
  y                                private recomputeScrollPosition(int,int,int,int)
  z                                static access$400()
  z                                private getChildRectInPagerCoordinates(android.graphics.Rect,android.view.View)
  z                                public executeKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  addFocusables                    public addFocusables(java.util.ArrayList,int,int)
  addTouchables                    public addTouchables(java.util.ArrayList)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  canScrollHorizontally            public canScrollHorizontally(int)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  computeScroll                    public computeScroll()
  dispatchKeyEvent                 public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  draw                             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawableStateChanged             protected drawableStateChanged()
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  getChildDrawingOrder             protected getChildDrawingOrder(int,int)
  onAttachedToWindow               protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onDraw                           protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInterceptTouchEvent            public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRequestFocusInDescendants      protected onRequestFocusInDescendants(int,android.graphics.Rect)
  onRestoreInstanceState           public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState              public onSaveInstanceState()
  onSizeChanged                    protected onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  removeView                       public removeView(android.view.View)
  verifyDrawable                   protected verifyDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$1)
===============================================================================
  k        public compare(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo,android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$2      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$2)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$3      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$Decor  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$IOException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$l)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$LayoutParams   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$e)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$MyAccessibilityDelegate        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$_)
===============================================================================
  r    private canScroll()
  r    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  y    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  y    public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$eval_m)
===============================================================================
  s    public abstract onAdapterChanged(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter,android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$s)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract onPageSelected(int)
  g    public abstract onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  t    public abstract onPageScrollStateChanged(int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PageTransformer        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$eval_y)
===============================================================================
  v    public abstract transformPage(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PagerObserver  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$t)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$d)
===============================================================================
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$d$1)
===============================================================================
  j    public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  u    public newArray(int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_to)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SimpleOnPageChangeListener     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$c)
===============================================================================
  c    public onPageSelected(int)
  g    public onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  t    public onPageScrollStateChanged(int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ViewPositionComparator (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_he$eval_r)
===============================================================================
  b        public compare(android.view.View,android.view.View)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s4)
===============================================================================
  h    public static requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$NullPointerException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatICSImpl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s4$z)
===============================================================================
  a    public requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatImpl    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s4$o)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatStubImpl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s4$r)
===============================================================================
  a    public requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatICS      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eq)
===============================================================================
  c    public static requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatICS$IOException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it)
===============================================================================
  b        public alphaBy(float)
  c        static access$000(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  c        public yBy(float)
  d        public rotationBy(float)
  e        public translationYBy(float)
  eval__   public scaleYBy(float)
  eval_d   public rotationX(float)
  eval_f   static access$002(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,java.lang.Runnable)
  eval_i   public rotationXBy(float)
  eval_r   public cancel()
  eval_t   public scaleXBy(float)
  eval_u   public scaleX(float)
  eval_v   public xBy(float)
  eval_v   public setDuration(long)
  eval_w   public rotation(float)
  eval_y   public withLayer()
  h        public getInterpolator()
  i        public y(float)
  k        public x(float)
  k        public withEndAction(java.lang.Runnable)
  l        public getStartDelay()
  l        public rotationYBy(float)
  m        public getDuration()
  m        static access$100(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  n        public scaleY(float)
  o        public translationX(float)
  p        public start()
  p        static access$400(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  p        static access$402(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,int)
  p        public alpha(float)
  p        public withStartAction(java.lang.Runnable)
  q        public setInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  q        public rotationY(float)
  u        public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  u        public translationXBy(float)
  y        static access$102(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,java.lang.Runnable)
  y        public setStartDelay(long)
  z        public setUpdateListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)
  z        public translationY(float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$1     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$r)
===============================================================================
  b        public translationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  c        public translationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  e        public translationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval__   public cancel(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval_b   public rotation(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_c   public getStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval_d   public translationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_e   public scaleY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_g   public xBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_h   public rotationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_i   public yBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_m   public x(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_n   public y(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_q   public scaleYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  f        private postStartMessage(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  g        public setStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  h        public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  h        public withStartAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  j        static access$200(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  j        public alpha(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  k        public setInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  l        public setUpdateListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)
  l        public rotationBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  m        public getDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  o        public getInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  o        private removeStartMessage(android.view.View)
  p        private startAnimation(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  p        public rotationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  q        public withEndAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  r        public scaleXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  s        public scaleX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  t        public rotationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  v        public start(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  v        public rotationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  w        public withLayer(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  z        public alphaBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  z        public setDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$Starter    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$r$h)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$p)
===============================================================================
  b        public translationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  c        public translationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  e        public translationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval__   public cancel(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval_b   public rotation(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_c   public getStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval_d   public translationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_e   public scaleY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_g   public xBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_h   public rotationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_i   public yBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_m   public x(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_n   public y(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_q   public scaleYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  g        public setStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  h        public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  h        public withStartAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  j        public alpha(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  k        public setInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  l        public rotationBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  m        public getDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  p        public rotationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  q        public withEndAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  r        public scaleXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  s        public scaleX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  t        public rotationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  v        public start(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  v        public rotationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  w        public withLayer(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  z        public alphaBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  z        public setDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$MyVpaListener       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$p$n)
===============================================================================
  k    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  l    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  z    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$JBMr2ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$w)
===============================================================================
  o    public getInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$JBViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$v)
===============================================================================
  h    public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  h    public withStartAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  q    public withEndAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  w    public withLayer(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$KitKatViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$_)
===============================================================================
  l    public setUpdateListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$NullPointerException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_it$eval_d)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract translationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  c        public abstract translationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  e        public abstract translationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval__   public abstract cancel(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval_b   public abstract rotation(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_c   public abstract getStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval_d   public abstract translationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_e   public abstract scaleY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_g   public abstract xBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_h   public abstract rotationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_i   public abstract yBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_m   public abstract x(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_n   public abstract y(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_q   public abstract scaleYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  g        public abstract setStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  h        public abstract setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  h        public abstract withStartAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  j        public abstract alpha(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  k        public abstract setInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  l        public abstract setUpdateListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)
  l        public abstract rotationBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  m        public abstract getDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  o        public abstract getInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  p        public abstract rotationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  q        public abstract withEndAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  r        public abstract scaleXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  s        public abstract scaleX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  t        public abstract rotationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  v        public abstract start(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  v        public abstract rotationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  w        public abstract withLayer(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  z        public abstract alphaBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  z        public abstract setDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rm)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getDuration(android.view.View)
  d        public static scaleX(android.view.View,float)
  e        public static alphaBy(android.view.View,float)
  eval_c   public static translationYBy(android.view.View,float)
  eval_f   public static rotationBy(android.view.View,float)
  eval_h   public static scaleYBy(android.view.View,float)
  eval_l   public static xBy(android.view.View,float)
  eval_m   public static translationXBy(android.view.View,float)
  eval_n   public static y(android.view.View,float)
  eval_w   public static rotationX(android.view.View,float)
  f        public static yBy(android.view.View,float)
  g        public static getStartDelay(android.view.View)
  g        public static alpha(android.view.View,float)
  h        public static start(android.view.View)
  h        public static translationX(android.view.View,float)
  i        public static cancel(android.view.View)
  i        public static rotationYBy(android.view.View,float)
  k        public static scaleY(android.view.View,float)
  n        public static rotation(android.view.View,float)
  o        public static rotationXBy(android.view.View,float)
  q        public static setListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  r        public static translationY(android.view.View,float)
  t        public static setInterpolator(android.view.View,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  v        public static scaleXBy(android.view.View,float)
  w        public static x(android.view.View,float)
  x        public static setStartDelay(android.view.View,long)
  y        public static setDuration(android.view.View,long)
  z        public static rotationY(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS$1  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rm$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationCancel    public onAnimationCancel(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.animation.Animator)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__1)
===============================================================================
  a    public static withLayer(android.view.View)
  k    public static withEndAction(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  r    public static withStartAction(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  s    public static setListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__1$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationCancel    public onAnimationCancel(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.animation.Animator)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJellybeanMr2   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wt)
===============================================================================
  y    public static getInterpolator(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJellybeanMr2$ParseException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mf)
===============================================================================
  d    public static setUpdateListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mf$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationUpdate    public onAnimationUpdate(android.animation.ValueAnimator)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cu)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  l    public abstract onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  z    public abstract onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListenerAdapter      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vd)
===============================================================================
  k    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  l    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  z    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListenerAdapter$Exception    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rf)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract onAnimationUpdate(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener$IOException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.WindowCompat     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.WindowCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zf)
===============================================================================
  a        public isConsumed()
  c        public hasInsets()
  eval_d   public hasStableInsets()
  eval_f   public isRound()
  eval_m   public consumeSystemWindowInsets()
  eval_q   public hasSystemWindowInsets()
  f        public getSystemWindowInsetLeft()
  j        public getSystemWindowInsetTop()
  k        public getStableInsetLeft()
  p        public getStableInsetTop()
  p        public replaceSystemWindowInsets(int,int,int,int)
  q        public getStableInsetBottom()
  v        public getStableInsetRight()
  x        public getSystemWindowInsetBottom()
  x        public replaceSystemWindowInsets(android.graphics.Rect)
  y        public consumeStableInsets()
  z        public getSystemWindowInsetRight()

android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fe)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompatApi21  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zy)
===============================================================================
  a        public isConsumed()
  c        public hasInsets()
  eval_d   public hasStableInsets()
  eval_f   public isRound()
  eval_m   public consumeSystemWindowInsets()
  eval_q   public hasSystemWindowInsets()
  eval_y   unwrap()
  f        public getSystemWindowInsetLeft()
  j        public getSystemWindowInsetTop()
  k        public getStableInsetLeft()
  p        public getStableInsetTop()
  p        public replaceSystemWindowInsets(int,int,int,int)
  q        public getStableInsetBottom()
  v        public getStableInsetRight()
  x        public getSystemWindowInsetBottom()
  x        public replaceSystemWindowInsets(android.graphics.Rect)
  y        public consumeStableInsets()
  z        public getSystemWindowInsetRight()

android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompatApi21$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vw)
===============================================================================
  e    public static getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  l    public static appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat)
  n    public static asRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  s    public static getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventIcsImpl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vw$d)
===============================================================================
  h    public getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
  l    public getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  p    public appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventStubImpl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vw$m)
===============================================================================
  h    public getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
  l    public getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  p    public appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventVersionImpl     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vw$x)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
  l    public abstract getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  p    public abstract appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$ParseException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatIcs        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ns)
===============================================================================
  i    public static appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,java.lang.Object)
  k    public static setScrollable(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,boolean)
  n    public static getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  v    public static getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatIcs$NullPointerException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x8)
===============================================================================
  a    public static removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  i    public static getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  m    public static addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  q    public static isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  r    public static getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)
  x    static access$000()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x8$e)
===============================================================================
  eval_s   public getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)
  f        public getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  h        public newAccessiblityStateChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  o        public addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  p        public removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  x        public isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x8$e$1)
===============================================================================
  k    public onAccessibilityStateChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerStubImpl    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x8$a)
===============================================================================
  eval_s   public getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)
  f        public getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  h        public newAccessiblityStateChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  o        public addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  p        public removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  x        public isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerVersionImpl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x8$q)
===============================================================================
  eval_s   public abstract getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)
  f        public abstract getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  h        public abstract newAccessiblityStateChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  o        public abstract addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  p        public abstract removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  x        public abstract isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x8$u)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract onAccessibilityStateChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$Exception       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eh)
===============================================================================
  d    public static addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,java.lang.Object)
  g    public static getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)
  q    public static removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,java.lang.Object)
  v    public static getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  x    public static newAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerBridge)
  y    public static isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eh$1)
===============================================================================
  onAccessibilityStateChanged  public onAccessibilityStateChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerBridge       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eh$a)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract onAccessibilityStateChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$ParseException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ir)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3)
===============================================================================
  a        public setClickable(boolean)
  a        public setPackageName(java.lang.CharSequence)
  b        public isChecked()
  b        public addChild(android.view.View,int)
  b        public setChecked(boolean)
  c        public setSource(android.view.View)
  c        public setContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  c        public setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  d        public setFocused(boolean)
  e        public isLongClickable()
  e        public addAction(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityActionCompat)
  e        public findFocus(int)
  eval_a   public getParent()
  eval_d   public isFocused()
  eval_f   public isFocusable()
  eval_g   public getCollectionInfo()
  eval_i   public isAccessibilityFocused()
  eval_j   static access$000()
  eval_l   public recycle()
  eval_m   public getMovementGranularities()
  eval_n   public getClassName()
  eval_p   public getText()
  eval_q   public getLiveRegion()
  eval_u   public isScrollable()
  eval_v   public getActionList()
  eval_v   public setPassword(boolean)
  eval_w   public getCollectionItemInfo()
  eval_x   public getRangeInfo()
  eval_y   public getContentDescription()
  eval_z   public setSelected(boolean)
  f        public isClickable()
  f        public setParent(android.view.View,int)
  f        public setFocusable(boolean)
  f        public performAction(int,android.os.Bundle)
  g        public getActions()
  g        public getBoundsInScreen(android.graphics.Rect)
  h        public isCheckable()
  j        public isPassword()
  k        public isSelected()
  k        public static obtain(android.view.View)
  k        public getChild(int)
  l        public isEnabled()
  l        private static getActionSymbolicName(int)
  m        public setEnabled(boolean)
  m        static wrapNonNullInstance(java.lang.Object)
  n        public setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public setBoundsInScreen(android.graphics.Rect)
  o        public performAction(int)
  p        public getBoundsInParent(android.graphics.Rect)
  p        public setSource(android.view.View,int)
  p        public setClassName(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public getViewIdResourceName()
  q        public addAction(int)
  r        public isVisibleToUser()
  r        public addChild(android.view.View)
  r        public setCheckable(boolean)
  r        public setLiveRegion(int)
  s        public getInfo()
  s        public focusSearch(int)
  t        public getChildCount()
  t        public setBoundsInParent(android.graphics.Rect)
  t        public setScrollable(boolean)
  u        public static obtain()
  u        public static obtain(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  u        public setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static obtain(android.view.View,int)
  w        public getPackageName()
  w        public setVisibleToUser(boolean)
  w        public setMovementGranularities(int)
  w        public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String)
  x        public getWindowId()
  x        public setParent(android.view.View)
  x        public setAccessibilityFocused(boolean)
  x        public setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.String)
  y        public setLongClickable(boolean)
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityActionCompat      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$x)
===============================================================================
  d    public getId()
  g    static access$100(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityActionCompat)
  v    public getLabel()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoApi21Impl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$a)
===============================================================================
  eval_q   public newAccessibilityAction(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public getActionList(java.lang.Object)
  m        public obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  q        public isCollectionItemSelected(java.lang.Object)
  q        public addAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  u        public obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  u        public getAccessibilityActionId(java.lang.Object)
  y        public getAccessibilityActionLabel(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoApi22Impl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$g)
===============================================================================
  d        public getTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  eval_z   public getTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object)
  i        public setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  j        public setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  u        public setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoIcsImpl   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$eval_x)
===============================================================================
  a        public getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  c        public getParent(java.lang.Object)
  c        public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  d        public setBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  e        public obtain()
  e        public getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  e        public setText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval__   public isFocusable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_c   public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_n   public addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_q   public setLongClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_t   public setBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_v   public setFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_w   public isSelected(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public setSelected(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_y   public isClickable(java.lang.Object)
  f        public obtain(java.lang.Object)
  f        public setCheckable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  g        public getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  i        public setClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  k        public getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  l        public isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  m        public getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  m        public getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  m        public setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  n        public obtain(android.view.View)
  n        public isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  n        public setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  o        public isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  p        public setPackageName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public addAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  r        public isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  r        public getBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  r        public setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  t        public isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  u        public setFocusable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  u        public performAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  v        public isCheckable(java.lang.Object)
  w        public getText(java.lang.Object)
  w        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  x        public isLongClickable(java.lang.Object)
  x        public setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  y        public setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  y        public setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  z        public getActions(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$w)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  b        public abstract getViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object)
  c        public abstract obtain(android.view.View,int)
  c        public abstract getParent(java.lang.Object)
  c        public abstract addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  c        public abstract findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  d        public abstract getTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object)
  d        public abstract setBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  e        public abstract obtain()
  e        public abstract isVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object)
  e        public abstract getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  e        public abstract setText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval__   public abstract isFocusable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_a   public abstract isCollectionInfoHierarchical(java.lang.Object)
  eval_c   public abstract recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_e   public abstract getLiveRegion(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f   public abstract getMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object)
  eval_g   public abstract getCollectionItemColumnSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_h   public abstract isCollectionItemHeading(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public abstract getCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public abstract getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public abstract isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public abstract setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_n   public abstract getCollectionItemRowIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public abstract addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_n   public abstract setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  eval_o   public abstract getCollectionInfoRowCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public abstract newAccessibilityAction(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_q   public abstract getCollectionItemRowSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public abstract setLongClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_t   public abstract getCollectionInfoColumnCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_t   public abstract setBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_v   public abstract setFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_w   public abstract isSelected(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public abstract setSelected(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_x   public abstract getCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_y   public abstract isClickable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public abstract getTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object)
  f        public abstract obtain(java.lang.Object)
  f        public abstract setCheckable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  g        public abstract getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  g        public abstract setVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  g        public abstract performAction(java.lang.Object,int,android.os.Bundle)
  h        public abstract setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  i        public abstract getRangeInfo(java.lang.Object)
  i        public abstract setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  i        public abstract setClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public abstract getActionList(java.lang.Object)
  j        public abstract setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  k        public abstract getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  k        public abstract setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  l        public abstract isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  m        public abstract obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  m        public abstract getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  m        public abstract getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  m        public abstract setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  m        public abstract setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  n        public abstract obtain(android.view.View)
  n        public abstract isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  n        public abstract setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  n        public abstract setAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  o        public abstract isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  o        public abstract setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  p        public abstract getCollectionItemColumnIndex(java.lang.Object)
  p        public abstract setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  p        public abstract setPackageName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public abstract isCollectionItemSelected(java.lang.Object)
  q        public abstract addAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  q        public abstract addAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  r        public abstract isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  r        public abstract getBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  r        public abstract setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  t        public abstract isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  t        public abstract findFocus(java.lang.Object,int)
  u        public abstract obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  u        public abstract getAccessibilityActionId(java.lang.Object)
  u        public abstract setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  u        public abstract setFocusable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  u        public abstract performAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  v        public abstract isCheckable(java.lang.Object)
  v        public abstract setLiveRegion(java.lang.Object,int)
  w        public abstract getText(java.lang.Object)
  w        public abstract setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  x        public abstract isLongClickable(java.lang.Object)
  x        public abstract setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  x        public abstract focusSearch(java.lang.Object,int)
  y        public abstract getAccessibilityActionLabel(java.lang.Object)
  y        public abstract setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  y        public abstract setMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object,int)
  y        public abstract setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  z        public abstract getActions(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanImpl     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$p)
===============================================================================
  c        public obtain(android.view.View,int)
  c        public addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  e        public isVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f   public getMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  g        public setVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  g        public performAction(java.lang.Object,int,android.os.Bundle)
  k        public setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  n        public setAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  p        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  t        public findFocus(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public focusSearch(java.lang.Object,int)
  y        public setMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanMr2Impl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$eval_e)
===============================================================================
  b    public getViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object)
  o    public setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoKitKatImpl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$l)
===============================================================================
  eval_a   public isCollectionInfoHierarchical(java.lang.Object)
  eval_e   public getLiveRegion(java.lang.Object)
  eval_g   public getCollectionItemColumnSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_h   public isCollectionItemHeading(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public getCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public getCollectionItemRowIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public getCollectionInfoRowCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public getCollectionItemRowSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_t   public getCollectionInfoColumnCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public getCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  h        public setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  i        public getRangeInfo(java.lang.Object)
  m        public obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  m        public setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  p        public getCollectionItemColumnIndex(java.lang.Object)
  u        public obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  v        public setLiveRegion(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoStubImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$eval_m)
===============================================================================
  a        public getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  b        public getViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object)
  c        public obtain(android.view.View,int)
  c        public getParent(java.lang.Object)
  c        public addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  c        public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  d        public getTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object)
  d        public setBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  e        public obtain()
  e        public isVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object)
  e        public getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  e        public setText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval__   public isFocusable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_a   public isCollectionInfoHierarchical(java.lang.Object)
  eval_c   public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_e   public getLiveRegion(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f   public getMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object)
  eval_g   public getCollectionItemColumnSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_h   public isCollectionItemHeading(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public getCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_n   public getCollectionItemRowIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_n   public setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  eval_o   public getCollectionInfoRowCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public newAccessibilityAction(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_q   public getCollectionItemRowSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public setLongClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_t   public getCollectionInfoColumnCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_t   public setBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_v   public setFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_w   public isSelected(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public setSelected(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_x   public getCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_y   public isClickable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public getTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object)
  f        public obtain(java.lang.Object)
  f        public setCheckable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  g        public getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  g        public setVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  g        public performAction(java.lang.Object,int,android.os.Bundle)
  h        public setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  i        public getRangeInfo(java.lang.Object)
  i        public setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  i        public setClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public getActionList(java.lang.Object)
  j        public setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  k        public getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  k        public setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  l        public isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  m        public obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  m        public getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  m        public getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  m        public setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  m        public setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  n        public obtain(android.view.View)
  n        public isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  n        public setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  n        public setAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  o        public isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  o        public setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  p        public getCollectionItemColumnIndex(java.lang.Object)
  p        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  p        public setPackageName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public isCollectionItemSelected(java.lang.Object)
  q        public addAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  q        public addAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  r        public isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  r        public getBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  r        public setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  t        public isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  t        public findFocus(java.lang.Object,int)
  u        public obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  u        public getAccessibilityActionId(java.lang.Object)
  u        public setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  u        public setFocusable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  u        public performAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  v        public isCheckable(java.lang.Object)
  v        public setLiveRegion(java.lang.Object,int)
  w        public getText(java.lang.Object)
  w        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  x        public isLongClickable(java.lang.Object)
  x        public setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  x        public focusSearch(java.lang.Object,int)
  y        public getAccessibilityActionLabel(java.lang.Object)
  y        public setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  y        public setMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object,int)
  y        public setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  z        public getActions(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionInfoCompat   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$y)
===============================================================================
  k    public getRowCount()
  l    public getColumnCount()
  q    public static obtain(int,int,boolean,int)
  u    public isHierarchical()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionItemInfoCompat       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$v)
===============================================================================
  eval_j   public getColumnSpan()
  f        public isSelected()
  h        public isHeading()
  i        public getColumnIndex()
  q        public getRowIndex()
  s        public getRowSpan()
  t        static access$300(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionItemInfoCompat)
  v        public static obtain(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$NullPointerException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$RangeInfoCompat        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o3$k)
===============================================================================
  f    public getType()
  n    public getCurrent()
  o    public getMin()
  p    public getMax()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__m)
===============================================================================
  a    public static obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  k    public static obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  k    static getActionList(java.lang.Object)
  m    static newAccessibilityAction(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  n    static getAccessibilityActionLabel(java.lang.Object)
  v    static addAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  x    static getAccessibilityActionId(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$CollectionItemInfo        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__m$u)
===============================================================================
  t    public static isSelected(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$NullPointerException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ls)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi22   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gc)
===============================================================================
  b    public static getTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object)
  e    public static setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  j    public static getTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object)
  v    public static setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  x    public static setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  y    public static setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi22$NullPointerException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatIcs     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c0)
===============================================================================
  a        public static obtain(java.lang.Object)
  b        public static obtain()
  b        public static getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  c        public static setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  d        public static getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  d        public static setFocusable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  d        public static setText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_a   public static setBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_b   public static setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_e   public static setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_i   public static getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public static isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  eval_p   public static setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_q   public static isFocusable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s   public static isLongClickable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s   public static getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_t   public static setFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_u   public static isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public static isCheckable(java.lang.Object)
  g        public static isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  g        public static addAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  h        public static setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  i        public static getText(java.lang.Object)
  i        public static setClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public static isSelected(java.lang.Object)
  j        public static setBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  j        public static setLongClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  l        public static isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  l        public static performAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  m        public static obtain(android.view.View)
  n        public static findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  p        public static getActions(java.lang.Object)
  q        public static getBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  q        public static setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  r        public static addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  r        public static setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public static getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  t        public static isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  t        public static getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  u        public static isClickable(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static recycle(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static setCheckable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  y        public static getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  y        public static setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  y        public static setSelected(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  z        public static getParent(java.lang.Object)
  z        public static setPackageName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatIcs$IOException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellyBean       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j0)
===============================================================================
  b    public static isVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object)
  d    public static addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  e    public static setAccesibilityFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  h    public static focusSearch(java.lang.Object,int)
  i    public static setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  j    public static setVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j    public static setMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object,int)
  l    public static performAction(java.lang.Object,int,android.os.Bundle)
  m    public static isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  m    public static setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  o    public static obtain(android.view.View,int)
  t    public static getMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object)
  w    public static findFocus(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellyBean$Exception     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr2    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e7)
===============================================================================
  d    public static setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  u    public static getViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr2$ParseException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fr)
===============================================================================
  e    public static obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean)
  e    public static setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  m    static getRangeInfo(java.lang.Object)
  s    public static setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  u    public static obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  u    static getCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  x    static setLiveRegion(java.lang.Object,int)
  y    static getLiveRegion(java.lang.Object)
  z    static getCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ji)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$CollectionInfo   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fr$p)
===============================================================================
  j    static getColumnCount(java.lang.Object)
  r    static getRowCount(java.lang.Object)
  x    static isHierarchical(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$CollectionItemInfo       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fr$e)
===============================================================================
  h    static getRowSpan(java.lang.Object)
  m    static isHeading(java.lang.Object)
  o    static getColumnSpan(java.lang.Object)
  r    static getColumnIndex(java.lang.Object)
  w    static getRowIndex(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$RangeInfo        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fr$j)
===============================================================================
  eval_i   static getType(java.lang.Object)
  h        static getMax(java.lang.Object)
  r        static getMin(java.lang.Object)
  u        static getCurrent(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_er)
===============================================================================
  a    public findFocus(int)
  j    public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  n    public getProvider()
  p    public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  v    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_er$x)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_er$k)
===============================================================================
  a    public newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_er$k$1)
===============================================================================
  k    public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  v    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  z    public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl$IOException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ys)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_er$y)
===============================================================================
  a    public newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_er$y$1)
===============================================================================
  e    public findFocus(int)
  l    public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  w    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  x    public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl$NullPointerException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ec)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderStubImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_er$l)
===============================================================================
  a    public newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$Exception  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uc)
===============================================================================
  u    public static newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uc$1)
===============================================================================
  createAccessibilityNodeInfo      public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  performAction                    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uc$t)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  v    public abstract performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  z    public abstract findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$IOException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xz)
===============================================================================
  b    public static newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xz$1)
===============================================================================
  createAccessibilityNodeInfo      public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  findFocus                        public findFocus(int)
  performAction                    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xz$n)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract findFocus(int)
  l    public abstract findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  w    public abstract performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  x    public abstract createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$NullPointerException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ss)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_db)
===============================================================================
  a        public setChecked(boolean)
  a        public setScrollY(int)
  b        public isEnabled()
  c        public getWindowId()
  c        public setSource(android.view.View)
  d        public isPassword()
  eval__   public setContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_b   public isScrollable()
  eval_e   public getMaxScrollY()
  eval_j   public getClassName()
  eval_k   public getFromIndex()
  eval_l   public getMaxScrollX()
  eval_o   public getBeforeText()
  eval_p   public setMaxScrollY(int)
  eval_s   public getScrollY()
  eval_u   public isChecked()
  eval_y   public getCurrentItemIndex()
  f        public setToIndex(int)
  g        public setSource(android.view.View,int)
  g        public setRemovedCount(int)
  h        public getSource()
  i        public getItemCount()
  i        public setEnabled(boolean)
  i        public setFromIndex(int)
  j        public getText()
  j        public setCurrentItemIndex(int)
  j        public setBeforeText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  k        public getParcelableData()
  k        public static obtain(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat)
  l        public setFullScreen(boolean)
  l        public setClassName(java.lang.CharSequence)
  m        public getToIndex()
  n        public getContentDescription()
  o        public setPassword(boolean)
  q        public getRemovedCount()
  r        public getScrollX()
  r        public setItemCount(int)
  s        public setScrollable(boolean)
  t        public static obtain()
  u        public getImpl()
  v        public getAddedCount()
  v        public setAddedCount(int)
  x        public setParcelableData(android.os.Parcelable)
  x        public setMaxScrollX(int)
  y        public isFullScreen()
  y        public setScrollX(int)
  z        public recycle()
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordIcsImpl       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_db$c)
===============================================================================
  c        public isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  d        public getScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  d        public setFullScreen(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  d        public setCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  e        public getBeforeText(java.lang.Object)
  e        public setRemovedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_a   public isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f   public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public getItemCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public getRemovedCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_y   public getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  g        public setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  h        public setToIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  j        public setScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  k        public isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  k        public setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  k        public setScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  l        public getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  l        public setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  m        public getAddedCount(java.lang.Object)
  n        public getToIndex(java.lang.Object)
  n        public setBeforeText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public isFullScreen(java.lang.Object)
  p        public getParcelableData(java.lang.Object)
  q        public setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  r        public getSource(java.lang.Object)
  r        public setFromIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  s        public getCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object)
  t        public getFromIndex(java.lang.Object)
  t        public setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  u        public getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  v        public setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  w        public obtain()
  w        public obtain(java.lang.Object)
  w        public setAddedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public getText(java.lang.Object)
  x        public setParcelableData(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcelable)
  x        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  x        public setItemCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  z        public getScrollY(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordIcsMr1Impl    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_db$f)
===============================================================================
  b        public getMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s   public setMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_x   public getMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  p        public setMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_db$eval_v)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract getMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  c        public abstract isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  d        public abstract getScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  d        public abstract setFullScreen(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  d        public abstract setCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  e        public abstract getBeforeText(java.lang.Object)
  e        public abstract setRemovedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_a   public abstract isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f   public abstract recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public abstract getItemCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public abstract isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public abstract getRemovedCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s   public abstract setMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_x   public abstract getMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  eval_y   public abstract getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  g        public abstract setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  h        public abstract setToIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  j        public abstract setScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  k        public abstract isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  k        public abstract setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  k        public abstract setScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  l        public abstract getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  l        public abstract setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  m        public abstract getAddedCount(java.lang.Object)
  n        public abstract getToIndex(java.lang.Object)
  n        public abstract setBeforeText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public abstract isFullScreen(java.lang.Object)
  p        public abstract getParcelableData(java.lang.Object)
  p        public abstract setMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  q        public abstract setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  q        public abstract setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  r        public abstract getSource(java.lang.Object)
  r        public abstract setFromIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  s        public abstract getCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object)
  t        public abstract getFromIndex(java.lang.Object)
  t        public abstract setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  u        public abstract getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  v        public abstract setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  w        public abstract obtain()
  w        public abstract obtain(java.lang.Object)
  w        public abstract setAddedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public abstract getText(java.lang.Object)
  x        public abstract setParcelableData(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcelable)
  x        public abstract setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  x        public abstract setItemCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  z        public abstract getScrollY(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordJellyBeanImpl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_db$g)
===============================================================================
  q    public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordStubImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_db$l)
===============================================================================
  b        public getMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  c        public isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  d        public getScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  d        public setFullScreen(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  d        public setCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  e        public getBeforeText(java.lang.Object)
  e        public setRemovedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_a   public isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f   public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public getItemCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public getRemovedCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s   public setMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_x   public getMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  eval_y   public getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  g        public setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  h        public setToIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  j        public setScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  k        public isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  k        public setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  k        public setScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  l        public getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  l        public setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  m        public getAddedCount(java.lang.Object)
  n        public getToIndex(java.lang.Object)
  n        public setBeforeText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public isFullScreen(java.lang.Object)
  p        public getParcelableData(java.lang.Object)
  p        public setMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  q        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  q        public setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  r        public getSource(java.lang.Object)
  r        public setFromIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  s        public getCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object)
  t        public getFromIndex(java.lang.Object)
  t        public setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  u        public getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  v        public setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  w        public obtain()
  w        public obtain(java.lang.Object)
  w        public setAddedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public getText(java.lang.Object)
  x        public setParcelableData(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcelable)
  x        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  x        public setItemCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  z        public getScrollY(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$IOException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ng)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcs       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bq)
===============================================================================
  a        public static obtain()
  a        public static getScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  a        public static setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  c        public static setItemCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  c        public static setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  e        public static getBeforeText(java.lang.Object)
  e        public static setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  e        public static setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_b   public static setToIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_d   public static getScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public static getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public static getToIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public static setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_m   public static getItemCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public static getSource(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public static setScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_r   public static isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static recycle(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  g        public static getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  g        public static setCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  i        public static isFullScreen(java.lang.Object)
  i        public static setFullScreen(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public static isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  j        public static setParcelableData(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcelable)
  j        public static setScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  m        public static getRemovedCount(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static getAddedCount(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  q        public static getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  q        public static setFromIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  r        public static isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  r        public static setAddedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  s        public static getParcelableData(java.lang.Object)
  t        public static obtain(java.lang.Object)
  t        public static setRemovedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  u        public static getCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object)
  w        public static setBeforeText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  x        public static getText(java.lang.Object)
  y        public static getFromIndex(java.lang.Object)
  z        public static isEnabled(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcsMr1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gs)
===============================================================================
  a        public static setMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_s   public static getMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  u        public static getMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  y        public static setMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcsMr1$Exception  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatJellyBean (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fj)
===============================================================================
  u    public static setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatJellyBean$ParseException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ga)
===============================================================================
  a        private shouldAnimate()
  a        public setRelativeVelocity(float,float)
  b        public setExclusive(boolean)
  d        private cancelTargetTouch()
  d        public abstract scrollTargetBy(int,int)
  e        public setRampDownDuration(int)
  eval_d   public setRampUpDuration(int)
  eval_j   static access$600(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  eval_q   static access$400(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  f        static access$500(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  f        public setEnabled(boolean)
  f        private static constrain(float,float,float)
  g        static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  g        static access$800(int,int,int)
  i        public isExclusive()
  j        static access$202(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper,boolean)
  j        public abstract canTargetScrollHorizontally(int)
  l        static access$900(float,float,float)
  l        private computeTargetVelocity(int,float,float,float)
  l        private static constrain(int,int,int)
  m        static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  n        private getEdgeValue(float,float,float,float)
  o        public setMaximumEdges(float,float)
  p        private requestStop()
  p        public setRelativeEdges(float,float)
  r        static access$102(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper,boolean)
  r        private constrainEdgeValue(float,float)
  s        public isEnabled()
  s        public setMinimumVelocity(float,float)
  s        public setEdgeType(int)
  t        static access$700(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  u        private startAnimating()
  u        public setActivationDelay(int)
  v        static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  x        static access$502(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper,boolean)
  y        public setMaximumVelocity(float,float)
  y        public abstract canTargetScrollVertically(int)
  onTouch  public onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$1     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ga$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ClampedScroller       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ga$i)
===============================================================================
  b        public getVerticalDirection()
  e        public getDeltaY()
  eval_s   public isFinished()
  g        public computeScrollDelta()
  h        public setRampDownDuration(int)
  k        public start()
  n        public getDeltaX()
  o        public setRampUpDuration(int)
  q        private getValueAt(long)
  r        private interpolateValue(float)
  u        public setTargetVelocity(float,float)
  w        public requestStop()
  z        public getHorizontalDirection()

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ScrollAnimationRunnable       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ga$t)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.BakedBezierInterpolator        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nz)
===============================================================================
  v                public static final getInstance()
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.widget.BakedBezierInterpolator$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bh)
===============================================================================
  f                    static access$000(android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView)
  o                    public setBackgroundColorRes(int)
  p                    private elevationSupported()
  q                    public setAnimationListener(android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  x                    static access$002(android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView,int)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd()
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart()
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)
  setBackgroundColor   public setBackgroundColor(int)

android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView$OvalShadow     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bh$l)
===============================================================================
  draw public draw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)

android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_je)
===============================================================================
  a                    static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar)
  d                    static access$002(android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar,boolean)
  f                    private removeCallbacks()
  p                    public show()
  r                    static access$202(android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar,boolean)
  x                    public hide()
  z                    static access$102(android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar,long)
  onAttachedToWindow   public onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow public onDetachedFromWindow()

android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_je$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$2    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_je$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hm)
===============================================================================
  eval_b           public abstract newView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  eval_l           public convertToString(android.database.Cursor)
  g                public swapCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  l                public newDropDownView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  m                public getCursor()
  m                public setFilterQueryProvider(android.widget.FilterQueryProvider)
  n                protected onContentChanged()
  n                public changeCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  p                protected init(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,boolean)
  p                init(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,int)
  s                public abstract bindView(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor)
  v                public getFilterQueryProvider()
  y                public runQueryOnBackgroundThread(java.lang.CharSequence)
  getCount         public getCount()
  getDropDownView  public getDropDownView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getFilter        public getFilter()
  getItem          public getItem(int)
  getItemId        public getItemId(int)
  getView          public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  hasStableIds     public hasStableIds()

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$1        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hm$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$ChangeObserver   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hm$j)
===============================================================================
  deliverSelfNotifications public deliverSelfNotifications()
  onChange                 public onChange(boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$Exception        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$MyDataSetObserver        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hm$v)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gn)
===============================================================================
  convertResultToString    public convertResultToString(java.lang.Object)
  performFiltering         protected performFiltering(java.lang.CharSequence)
  publishResults           protected publishResults(java.lang.CharSequence,android.widget.Filter$FilterResults)

android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter$CursorFilterClient        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gn$n)
===============================================================================
  eval_l   public abstract convertToString(android.database.Cursor)
  m        public abstract getCursor()
  n        public abstract changeCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  y        public abstract runQueryOnBackgroundThread(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter$IOException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_im)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp)
===============================================================================
  a                                findOpenDrawer()
  a                                static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout)
  a                                public setDrawerLockMode(int)
  a                                public setDrawerTitle(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  b                                private hasVisibleDrawer()
  b                                isDrawerView(android.view.View)
  c                                isContentView(android.view.View)
  d                                public getDrawerTitle(int)
  e                                public isDrawerVisible(android.view.View)
  eval__                           private static includeChildForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  eval_b                           public getDrawerLockMode(int)
  eval_h                           public setScrimColor(int)
  eval_l                           public closeDrawer(int)
  eval_m                           moveDrawerToOffset(android.view.View,float)
  eval_s                           static access$100()
  eval_t                           private hasPeekingDrawer()
  eval_x                           public isDrawerOpen(android.view.View)
  f                                getDrawerViewOffset(android.view.View)
  f                                closeDrawers(boolean)
  f                                public setStatusBarBackground(int)
  g                                private static hasOpaqueBackground(android.view.View)
  g                                public isDrawerOpen(int)
  h                                static access$200()
  h                                checkDrawerViewAbsoluteGravity(android.view.View,int)
  i                                public getStatusBarBackgroundDrawable()
  i                                private updateChildrenImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,boolean)
  j                                private findVisibleDrawer()
  j                                public setDrawerShadow(int,int)
  k                                public setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  k                                static access$400(android.view.View)
  k                                public setChildInsets(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  m                                static gravityToString(int)
  n                                dispatchOnDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  n                                findDrawerWithGravity(int)
  o                                updateDrawerState(int,int,android.view.View)
  p                                setDrawerViewOffset(android.view.View,float)
  r                                public setDrawerListener(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener)
  r                                public closeDrawer(android.view.View)
  r                                public isDrawerVisible(int)
  s                                cancelChildViewTouch()
  s                                dispatchOnDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  t                                public setDrawerShadow(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  t                                public openDrawer(android.view.View)
  u                                public setDrawerLockMode(int,android.view.View)
  w                                public getDrawerLockMode(android.view.View)
  x                                dispatchOnDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)
  x                                public setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
  y                                getDrawerViewAbsoluteGravity(android.view.View)
  z                                public closeDrawers()
  z                                public openDrawer(int)
  z                                public setDrawerLockMode(int,int)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  computeScroll                    public computeScroll()
  drawChild                        protected drawChild(android.graphics.Canvas,android.view.View,long)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onAttachedToWindow               protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onDraw                           public onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInterceptTouchEvent            public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onKeyDown                        public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyUp                          public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState           protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState              protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent   public requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)
  requestLayout                    public requestLayout()

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$AccessibilityDelegate     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$g)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  f        private copyNodeInfoNoChildren(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  r        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  u        public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  y        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  z        private addChildrenForAccessibility(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat,android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ChildAccessibilityDelegate        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$q)
===============================================================================
  r    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImpl    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$s)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract getTopInset(java.lang.Object)
  i    public abstract configureApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  m    public abstract applyMarginInsets(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,java.lang.Object,int)
  r    public abstract dispatchChildInsets(android.view.View,java.lang.Object,int)
  u    public abstract getDefaultStatusBarBackground(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImplApi21       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$_)
===============================================================================
  d    public getTopInset(java.lang.Object)
  i    public configureApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  m    public applyMarginInsets(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,java.lang.Object,int)
  r    public dispatchChildInsets(android.view.View,java.lang.Object,int)
  u    public getDefaultStatusBarBackground(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImplBase        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$t)
===============================================================================
  d    public getTopInset(java.lang.Object)
  i    public configureApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  m    public applyMarginInsets(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,java.lang.Object,int)
  r    public dispatchChildInsets(android.view.View,java.lang.Object,int)
  u    public getDefaultStatusBarBackground(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$u)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract onDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  t    public abstract onDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  y    public abstract onDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)
  y    public abstract onDrawerStateChanged(int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$EdgeGravity       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$IOException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LayoutParams      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LockMode  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$z)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$o)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$o$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SimpleDrawerListener      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$v)
===============================================================================
  h    public onDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  t    public onDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  y    public onDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)
  y    public onDrawerStateChanged(int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$State     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$e)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$l)
===============================================================================
  a    private closeOtherDrawer()
  c    private peekDrawer()
  d    public tryCaptureView(android.view.View,int)
  f    public clampViewPositionVertical(android.view.View,int,int)
  o    public getViewHorizontalDragRange(android.view.View)
  o    public onViewReleased(android.view.View,float,float)
  o    public onEdgeLock(int)
  p    public onViewDragStateChanged(int)
  q    public onViewPositionChanged(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  s    static access$000(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback)
  v    public onViewCaptured(android.view.View,int)
  v    public clampViewPositionHorizontal(android.view.View,int,int)
  w    public onEdgeDragStarted(int,int)
  x    public removeCallbacks()
  x    public onEdgeTouched(int,int)
  z    public setDragger(android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback$1        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sp$l$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback$NullPointerException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hq)
===============================================================================
  a        public static dispatchChildInsets(android.view.View,java.lang.Object,int)
  e        public static getDefaultStatusBarBackground(android.content.Context)
  eval_w   public static applyMarginInsets(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,java.lang.Object,int)
  i        public static getTopInset(java.lang.Object)
  k        public static configureApplyInsets(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21$InsetsListener (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hq$e)
===============================================================================
  onApplyWindowInsets  public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutImpl       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_io)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract setChildInsets(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutImpl$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e0)
===============================================================================
  b    public finish()
  b    public onPull(float)
  d    public onRelease()
  g    public onAbsorb(int)
  i    public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  k    public isFinished()
  z    public setSize(int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$BaseEdgeEffectImpl    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e0$j)
===============================================================================
  d        public setSize(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  e        public finish(java.lang.Object)
  e        public onPull(java.lang.Object,float)
  eval_i   public onRelease(java.lang.Object)
  l        public newEdgeEffect(android.content.Context)
  o        public isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  x        public draw(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Canvas)
  y        public onAbsorb(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectIcsImpl     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e0$t)
===============================================================================
  d        public setSize(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  e        public finish(java.lang.Object)
  e        public onPull(java.lang.Object,float)
  eval_i   public onRelease(java.lang.Object)
  l        public newEdgeEffect(android.content.Context)
  o        public isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  x        public draw(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Canvas)
  y        public onAbsorb(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectImpl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e0$d)
===============================================================================
  d        public abstract setSize(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  e        public abstract finish(java.lang.Object)
  e        public abstract onPull(java.lang.Object,float)
  eval_i   public abstract onRelease(java.lang.Object)
  l        public abstract newEdgeEffect(android.content.Context)
  o        public abstract isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  x        public abstract draw(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Canvas)
  y        public abstract onAbsorb(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatIcs    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i4)
===============================================================================
  b    public static onPull(java.lang.Object,float)
  b    public static onAbsorb(java.lang.Object,int)
  c    public static newEdgeEffect(android.content.Context)
  e    public static draw(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Canvas)
  g    public static onRelease(java.lang.Object)
  j    public static finish(java.lang.Object)
  o    public static isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  r    public static setSize(java.lang.Object,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatIcs$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lf)
===============================================================================
  b        public dispatchHoverEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  b        protected abstract onPopulateNodeForVirtualView(int,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  d        public getFocusedVirtualView()
  d        private createNode(int)
  eval__   private isAccessibilityFocused(int)
  eval_f   private clearAccessibilityFocus(int)
  eval_p   private requestAccessibilityFocus(int)
  eval_s   private createEvent(int,int)
  f        private updateHoveredVirtualView(int)
  g        private createNodeForHost()
  h        static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper,int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  h        protected abstract onPerformActionForVirtualView(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  i        public invalidateRoot()
  j        private createNodeForChild(int)
  j        private performActionForChild(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  l        public invalidateVirtualView(int)
  l        private createEventForChild(int,int)
  l        protected abstract getVisibleVirtualViews(java.util.List)
  n        public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  o        private intersectVisibleToUser(android.graphics.Rect)
  p        private createEventForHost(int)
  r        private performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  t        protected abstract onPopulateEventForVirtualView(int,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  t        public sendEventForVirtualView(int,int)
  v        private performActionForHost(int,android.os.Bundle)
  v        private manageFocusForChild(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  w        protected abstract getVirtualViewAt(float,float)
  y        static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lf$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$ExploreByTouchNodeProvider        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lf$_)
===============================================================================
  j    public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  v    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m8)
===============================================================================
  k    public static createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$BaseListPopupWindowImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m8$q)
===============================================================================
  k    public createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$KitKatListPopupWindowImpl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m8$x)
===============================================================================
  k    public createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$ListPopupWindowImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m8$f)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompatKitKat    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__j)
===============================================================================
  b    public static createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompatKitKat$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ic)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ListViewAutoScrollHelper       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a3)
===============================================================================
  d    public scrollTargetBy(int,int)
  j    public canTargetScrollHorizontally(int)
  y    public canTargetScrollVertically(int)

android.support.v4.widget.ListViewAutoScrollHelper$NullPointerException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gf)
===============================================================================
  b                    public setBackgroundColor(int)
  c                    static access$400()
  d                    private setSizeParameters(double,double,double,double,float,float)
  e                    public showArrow(boolean)
  eval_l               public transient setColorSchemeColors(int[])
  f                    private getRotation()
  f                    static access$500(android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable)
  k                    public setStartEndTrim(float,float)
  l                    public setProgressRotation(float)
  n                    static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable,float,android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring)
  o                    private applyFinishTranslation(float,android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring)
  r                    private setupAnimators()
  r                    static access$502(android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable,float)
  u                    public updateSizes(int)
  x                    static access$300()
  x                    setRotation(float)
  y                    public setArrowScale(float)
  draw                 public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getAlpha             public getAlpha()
  getIntrinsicHeight   public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth    public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getOpacity           public getOpacity()
  isRunning            public isRunning()
  setAlpha             public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter       public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  start                public start()
  stop                 public stop()

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$1     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gf$1)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$2     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gf$2)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$3     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gf$3)
===============================================================================
  invalidateDrawable   public invalidateDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  scheduleDrawable     public scheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  unscheduleDrawable   public unscheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$EndCurveInterpolator  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gf$e)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$NullPointerException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$ProgressDrawableSize  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gf$d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gf$t)
===============================================================================
  a        public getAlpha()
  a        public setInsets(int,int)
  b        public getStartingEndTrim()
  b        public setRotation(float)
  d        public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  e        public setCenterRadius(double)
  eval_a   public getStartingRotation()
  eval_f   public setEndTrim(float)
  eval_k   public setStrokeWidth(float)
  eval_l   public getInsets()
  eval_r   public getCenterRadius()
  f        public setBackgroundColor(int)
  g        public getEndTrim()
  h        public resetOriginals()
  h        public draw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Rect)
  j        public storeOriginals()
  o        private drawTriangle(android.graphics.Canvas,float,float,android.graphics.Rect)
  o        public setArrowScale(float)
  q        public getStartingStartTrim()
  q        public setArrowDimensions(float,float)
  q        public setColors(int[])
  s        public getRotation()
  s        public setAlpha(int)
  t        public setColorIndex(int)
  v        public getStrokeWidth()
  w        public getStartTrim()
  x        public goToNextColor()
  x        public setShowArrow(boolean)
  y        private invalidateSelf()
  z        public setStartTrim(float)

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$StartCurveInterpolator        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gf$u)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kf)
===============================================================================
  k    public static getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$BasePopupMenuImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kf$g)
===============================================================================
  a    public getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$KitKatPopupMenuImpl    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kf$d)
===============================================================================
  a    public getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$PopupMenuImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kf$c)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompatKitKat  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oq)
===============================================================================
  v    public static getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompatKitKat$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dt)
===============================================================================
  u    public static showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$BasePopupWindowImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dt$s)
===============================================================================
  o    public showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$IOException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$KitKatPopupWindowImpl        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dt$m)
===============================================================================
  o    public showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$PopupWindowImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dt$b)
===============================================================================
  o    public abstract showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatKitKat        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tm)
===============================================================================
  u    public static showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatKitKat$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zr)
===============================================================================
  eval_b   public newView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  l        public newDropDownView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  m        public setDropDownViewResource(int)
  z        public setViewResource(int)

android.support.v4.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_aj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l3)
===============================================================================
  c        public isFinished()
  d        public isOverScrolled()
  e        public static create(android.content.Context)
  eval_t   public computeScrollOffset()
  g        public getFinalY()
  h        public getCurrVelocity()
  h        public notifyVerticalEdgeReached(int,int,int)
  i        public getFinalX()
  j        public getCurrY()
  m        public startScroll(int,int,int,int)
  n        public fling(int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  o        public abortAnimation()
  p        public notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(int,int,int)
  s        public startScroll(int,int,int,int,int)
  v        public static create(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  w        public fling(int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  z        public getCurrX()

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$NullPointerException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_os)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l3$e)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public abstract getCurrY(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public abstract fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  eval_y   public abstract getFinalY(java.lang.Object)
  g        public abstract isOverScrolled(java.lang.Object)
  h        public abstract getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)
  i        public abstract notifyVerticalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  k        public abstract getCurrX(java.lang.Object)
  k        public abstract fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  n        public abstract abortAnimation(java.lang.Object)
  o        public abstract notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  q        public abstract computeScrollOffset(java.lang.Object)
  r        public abstract startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int)
  w        public abstract createScroller(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  x        public abstract getFinalX(java.lang.Object)
  z        public abstract startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplBase  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l3$j)
===============================================================================
  c        public isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public getCurrY(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  eval_y   public getFinalY(java.lang.Object)
  g        public isOverScrolled(java.lang.Object)
  h        public getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)
  i        public notifyVerticalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  k        public getCurrX(java.lang.Object)
  k        public fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  n        public abortAnimation(java.lang.Object)
  o        public notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  q        public computeScrollOffset(java.lang.Object)
  r        public startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int)
  w        public createScroller(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  x        public getFinalX(java.lang.Object)
  z        public startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplGingerbread   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l3$u)
===============================================================================
  c        public isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public getCurrY(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  eval_y   public getFinalY(java.lang.Object)
  g        public isOverScrolled(java.lang.Object)
  h        public getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)
  i        public notifyVerticalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  k        public getCurrX(java.lang.Object)
  k        public fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  n        public abortAnimation(java.lang.Object)
  o        public notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  q        public computeScrollOffset(java.lang.Object)
  r        public startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int)
  w        public createScroller(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  x        public getFinalX(java.lang.Object)
  z        public startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplIcs   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l3$_)
===============================================================================
  h    public getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatGingerbread      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pi)
===============================================================================
  e        public static abortAnimation(java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public static notifyVerticalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  eval_f   public static getFinalY(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  h        public static startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int)
  i        public static isOverScrolled(java.lang.Object)
  k        public static isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  m        public static notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  m        public static startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int)
  n        public static getCurrY(java.lang.Object)
  p        public static fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  q        public static getCurrX(java.lang.Object)
  x        public static createScroller(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  x        public static computeScrollOffset(java.lang.Object)
  y        public static getFinalX(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatGingerbread$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatIcs      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nv)
===============================================================================
  l    public static getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatIcs$IOException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ab)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9)
===============================================================================
  b        public static setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)
  c        public static setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  eval_u   public static setInputType(android.view.View,int)
  f        static access$000()
  h        public static setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  h        public static setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  j        public static setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  l        public static newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  l        public static setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  m        public static isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  n        public static setOnCloseListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat)
  o        public static getQuery(android.view.View)
  o        public static setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  p        public static setOnQueryTextListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat)
  q        public static isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  v        public static isIconified(android.view.View)
  x        public static setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9$z)
===============================================================================
  l    public onClose()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9$n)
===============================================================================
  n    public onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)
  x    public onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9$p)
===============================================================================
  a        public newOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat)
  b        public setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  d        public newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  eval_k   public setOnCloseListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  f        public isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  f        public setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  i        public setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  l        public setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  m        public setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  o        public getQuery(android.view.View)
  s        public setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)
  v        public isIconified(android.view.View)
  v        public setOnQueryTextListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  w        public newOnCloseListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat)
  x        public setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  y        public isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9$p$1)
===============================================================================
  j    public onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)
  o    public onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$2       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9$p$2)
===============================================================================
  h    public onClose()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$ParseException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatIcsImpl       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9$_)
===============================================================================
  d        public newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  eval_v   public setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  z        public setInputType(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatImpl  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9$u)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract newOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat)
  b        public abstract setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  d        public abstract newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  eval_k   public abstract setOnCloseListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public abstract setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  f        public abstract isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  f        public abstract setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  i        public abstract setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  l        public abstract setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  m        public abstract setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  o        public abstract getQuery(android.view.View)
  s        public abstract setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)
  v        public abstract isIconified(android.view.View)
  v        public abstract setOnQueryTextListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  w        public abstract newOnCloseListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat)
  x        public abstract setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  y        public abstract isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  z        public abstract setInputType(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatStubImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k9$a)
===============================================================================
  a        public newOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat)
  b        public setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  d        public newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  eval_k   public setOnCloseListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  f        public isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  f        public setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  i        public setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  l        public setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  m        public setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  o        public getQuery(android.view.View)
  s        public setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)
  v        public isIconified(android.view.View)
  v        public setOnQueryTextListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  w        public newOnCloseListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat)
  x        public setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  y        public isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  z        public setInputType(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ud)
===============================================================================
  b    public static setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  f    public static newOnCloseListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnCloseListenerCompatBridge)
  g    public static isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  g    public static setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  g    public static setOnCloseListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  h    public static setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  i    public static newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  i    public static isIconified(android.view.View)
  i    public static setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  j    public static getQuery(android.view.View)
  j    public static setOnQueryTextListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  q    public static setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)
  s    public static setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  u    public static isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  u    public static setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  x    public static newOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnQueryTextListenerCompatBridge)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ud$1)
===============================================================================
  onQueryTextChange    public onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  onQueryTextSubmit    public onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$2    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ud$2)
===============================================================================
  onClose  public onClose()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnCloseListenerCompatBridge  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ud$f)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract onClose()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnQueryTextListenerCompatBridge      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ud$o)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)
  o    public abstract onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sl)
===============================================================================
  b    public static setInputType(android.view.View,int)
  l    public static newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  m    public static setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs$MySearchView       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sl$y)
===============================================================================
  onActionViewCollapsed    public onActionViewCollapsed()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_um)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ag)
===============================================================================
  eval_l   public convertToString(android.database.Cursor)
  eval_n   public getCursorToStringConverter()
  eval_r   public getViewBinder()
  g        public swapCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  g        public setStringConversionColumn(int)
  j        public changeCursorAndColumns(android.database.Cursor,java.lang.String[],int[])
  l        public setViewBinder(android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$ViewBinder)
  o        public setCursorToStringConverter(android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$CursorToStringConverter)
  r        public setViewText(android.widget.TextView,java.lang.String)
  s        public bindView(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor)
  u        public setViewImage(android.widget.ImageView,java.lang.String)
  x        public getStringConversionColumn()
  x        private findColumns(java.lang.String[])

android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$CursorToStringConverter    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ag$l)
===============================================================================
  w    public abstract convertToString(android.database.Cursor)

android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ym)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$ViewBinder (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ag$n)
===============================================================================
  x    public abstract setViewValue(android.view.View,android.database.Cursor,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md)
===============================================================================
  c                            public setCoveredFadeColor(int)
  d                            public smoothSlideClosed()
  d                            private dimChildView(android.view.View,float,int)
  eval_a                       static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  eval_n                       public setSliderFadeColor(int)
  eval_s                       public isOpen()
  eval_u                       static access$800(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  eval_v                       static access$1100(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  f                            private invalidateChildRegion(android.view.View)
  f                            public setShadowResourceLeft(int)
  g                            public isSlideable()
  g                            public setShadowDrawableRight(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  g                            static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  g                            static access$600(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,int)
  g                            dispatchOnPanelSlide(android.view.View)
  h                            public smoothSlideOpen()
  h                            dispatchOnPanelOpened(android.view.View)
  h                            private parallaxOtherViews(float)
  i                            setAllChildrenVisible()
  i                            private onPanelDragged(int)
  j                            public setShadowDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  k                            protected canScroll(android.view.View,boolean,int,int,int)
  l                            static access$502(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,boolean)
  l                            isDimmed(android.view.View)
  m                            dispatchOnPanelClosed(android.view.View)
  n                            public getCoveredFadeColor()
  n                            updateObscuredViewsVisibility(android.view.View)
  n                            public setShadowResource(int)
  p                            public getSliderFadeColor()
  q                            public openPane()
  r                            public closePane()
  r                            private closePane(android.view.View,int)
  t                            static access$400(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  t                            private static viewIsOpaque(android.view.View)
  u                            public getParallaxDistance()
  v                            private isLayoutRtlSupport()
  v                            static access$700(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  v                            public setPanelSlideListener(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener)
  v                            smoothSlideTo(float,int)
  v                            public setShadowResourceRight(int)
  w                            private openPane(android.view.View,int)
  x                            public setShadowDrawableLeft(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  x                            static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  x                            static access$1000(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)
  x                            public setParallaxDistance(int)
  z                            public canSlide()
  checkLayoutParams            protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  computeScroll                public computeScroll()
  draw                         public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawChild                    protected drawChild(android.graphics.Canvas,android.view.View,long)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams         protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onAttachedToWindow           protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow         protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onInterceptTouchEvent        public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                     protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState       protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState          protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onSizeChanged                protected onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
  onTouchEvent                 public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  requestChildFocus            public requestChildFocus(android.view.View,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$AccessibilityDelegate        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$u)
===============================================================================
  b    public filter(android.view.View)
  r    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  u    private copyNodeInfoNoChildren(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  u    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  y    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$DisableLayerRunnable (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$a)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$DragHelperCallback   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$b)
===============================================================================
  d    public tryCaptureView(android.view.View,int)
  f    public clampViewPositionVertical(android.view.View,int,int)
  o    public getViewHorizontalDragRange(android.view.View)
  o    public onViewReleased(android.view.View,float,float)
  p    public onViewDragStateChanged(int)
  q    public onViewPositionChanged(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  v    public onViewCaptured(android.view.View,int)
  v    public clampViewPositionHorizontal(android.view.View,int,int)
  w    public onEdgeDragStarted(int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$IOException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$LayoutParams (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$k)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract onPanelSlide(android.view.View,float)
  j    public abstract onPanelClosed(android.view.View)
  p    public abstract onPanelOpened(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$s)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$s$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState$Exception (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SimplePanelSlideListener     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$q)
===============================================================================
  e    public onPanelSlide(android.view.View,float)
  j    public onPanelClosed(android.view.View)
  p    public onPanelOpened(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImpl       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$eval_p)
===============================================================================
  q    public abstract invalidateChildRegion(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplBase   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$d)
===============================================================================
  q    public invalidateChildRegion(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplJB     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$c)
===============================================================================
  q    public invalidateChildRegion(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplJBMR1  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_md$_)
===============================================================================
  q    public invalidateChildRegion(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeProgressBar       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c8)
===============================================================================
  e        stop()
  eval_o   isRunning()
  f        setTriggerPercentage(float)
  f        setColorScheme(int,int,int,int)
  h        draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  o        private drawCircle(android.graphics.Canvas,float,float,int,float)
  w        setBounds(int,int,int,int)
  x        private drawTrigger(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int)
  z        start()

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeProgressBar$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu)
===============================================================================
  a                                public canChildScrollUp()
  b                                static access$600(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  b                                public setProgressBackgroundColorSchemeColor(int)
  c                                public isRefreshing()
  c                                static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  c                                static access$900(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,int,boolean)
  c                                private setAnimationProgress(float)
  d                                static access$1200(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  eval_c                           public setDistanceToTriggerSync(int)
  eval_f                           static access$1300(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,float)
  eval_h                           static access$800(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  eval_o                           static access$400(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  eval_v                           public getProgressCircleDiameter()
  eval_w                           static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  eval_w                           public transient setColorSchemeColors(int[])
  f                                private ensureTarget()
  f                                static access$1100(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  f                                private startAlphaAnimation(int,int)
  g                                private createProgressView()
  g                                static access$1000(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  h                                private animateOffsetToCorrectPosition(int,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  i                                private startScaleDownAnimation(android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  i                                private animateOffsetToStartPosition(int,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  i                                public transient setColorScheme(int[])
  k                                private startProgressAlphaStartAnimation()
  l                                static access$000(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  l                                private setTargetOffsetTopAndBottom(int,boolean)
  m                                static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  m                                static access$700(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,float)
  m                                public setProgressViewEndTarget(boolean,int)
  n                                public setRefreshing(boolean)
  o                                static access$500(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,int)
  p                                private getMotionEventY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  p                                public setProgressBackgroundColor(int)
  q                                private onSecondaryPointerUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
  r                                private startScaleUpAnimation(android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  r                                public setProgressBackgroundColorSchemeResource(int)
  s                                private isAlphaUsedForScale()
  s                                static access$1400(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  t                                private isAnimationRunning(android.view.animation.Animation)
  t                                private moveToStart(float)
  t                                private setColorViewAlpha(int)
  t                                public transient setColorSchemeResources(int[])
  u                                static access$802(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,int)
  u                                private startScaleDownReturnToStartAnimation(int,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  v                                public setOnRefreshListener(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener)
  v                                public setProgressViewOffset(boolean,int,int)
  w                                private startProgressAlphaMaxAnimation()
  x                                private setRefreshing(boolean,boolean)
  y                                public setSize(int)
  getChildDrawingOrder             protected getChildDrawingOrder(int,int)
  onInterceptTouchEvent            public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        public onMeasure(int,int)
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent   public requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$2   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$2)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$3   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$3)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$4   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$4)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$5   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$5)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$6   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$6)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$7   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$7)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$8   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$8)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xu$v)
===============================================================================
  u    public abstract onRefresh()

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zi)
===============================================================================
  a        public abort()
  b        public getViewDragState()
  b        private clampMag(float,float,float)
  b        private dragTo(int,int,int,int)
  c        public shouldInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  c        public captureChildView(android.view.View,int)
  c        public continueSettling(boolean)
  eval_f   public checkTouchSlop(int,int)
  eval_j   private releaseViewForPointerUp()
  g        public isViewUnder(android.view.View,int,int)
  g        private computeSettleDuration(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  g        private clearMotionHistory(int)
  g        public isEdgeTouched(int,int)
  h        public getCapturedView()
  h        private clampMag(int,int,int)
  i        public setMinVelocity(float)
  i        private ensureMotionHistorySizeForId(int)
  k        public getEdgeSize()
  k        private saveLastMotion(android.view.MotionEvent)
  k        private checkTouchSlop(android.view.View,float,float)
  l        tryCaptureViewForDrag(android.view.View,int)
  m        public processTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  m        public checkTouchSlop(int)
  n        public getActivePointerId()
  n        public static create(android.view.ViewGroup,android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$Callback)
  n        setDragState(int)
  o        private clearMotionHistory()
  o        public isEdgeTouched(int)
  p        public getMinVelocity()
  p        private reportNewEdgeDrags(float,float,int)
  p        public setEdgeTrackingEnabled(int)
  p        private getEdgesTouched(int,int)
  r        public smoothSlideViewTo(android.view.View,int,int)
  s        public static create(android.view.ViewGroup,float,android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$Callback)
  u        public settleCapturedViewAt(int,int)
  v        public flingCapturedView(int,int,int,int)
  w        public getTouchSlop()
  w        protected canScroll(android.view.View,boolean,int,int,int,int)
  w        public isPointerDown(int)
  w        public findTopChildUnder(int,int)
  x        public cancel()
  x        private distanceInfluenceForSnapDuration(float)
  x        public isCapturedViewUnder(int,int)
  y        private dispatchViewReleased(float,float)
  y        private checkNewEdgeDrag(float,float,int,int)
  y        private computeAxisDuration(int,int,int)
  y        private forceSettleCapturedViewAt(int,int,int,int)
  z        private saveInitialMotion(float,float,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zi$1)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$2       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zi$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$Callback        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zi$x)
===============================================================================
  d        public abstract tryCaptureView(android.view.View,int)
  eval_l   public getViewVerticalDragRange(android.view.View)
  f        public clampViewPositionVertical(android.view.View,int,int)
  o        public getViewHorizontalDragRange(android.view.View)
  o        public onViewReleased(android.view.View,float,float)
  o        public onEdgeLock(int)
  p        public onViewDragStateChanged(int)
  q        public onViewPositionChanged(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  v        public onViewCaptured(android.view.View,int)
  v        public clampViewPositionHorizontal(android.view.View,int,int)
  w        public onEdgeDragStarted(int,int)
  x        public onEdgeTouched(int,int)
  y        public getOrderedChildIndex(int)

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$NullPointerException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract hide()
  a        public setStackedBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  a        public abstract setListNavigationCallbacks(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener)
  b        public abstract getHeight()
  d        public abstract setIcon(int)
  e        public isHideOnContentScrollEnabled()
  e        public abstract removeOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  e        public abstract removeTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  e        public abstract removeTabAt(int)
  eval__   public abstract setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_b   public getThemedContext()
  eval_c   public abstract setTitle(int)
  eval_d   public invalidateOptionsMenu()
  eval_f   public collapseActionView()
  eval_h   public openOptionsMenu()
  eval_j   public abstract getNavigationMode()
  eval_k   public abstract setSelectedNavigationItem(int)
  eval_l   public abstract selectTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  eval_m   public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_n   public abstract getSubtitle()
  eval_o   public abstract isShowing()
  eval_o   public setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  eval_s   public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  eval_x   public getHideOffset()
  eval_y   public setShowHideAnimationEnabled(boolean)
  eval_z   public getElevation()
  eval_z   public abstract addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  f        public setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
  f        public abstract setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  g        public abstract getNavigationItemCount()
  h        public abstract getTitle()
  h        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  i        public setDefaultDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  i        public abstract setNavigationMode(int)
  i        public abstract setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public abstract setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  j        public abstract setDisplayUseLogoEnabled(boolean)
  j        public abstract setLogo(int)
  k        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  k        public abstract addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int)
  k        public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View)
  l        public abstract getSelectedNavigationIndex()
  l        public onMenuKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  l        public setElevation(float)
  l        public abstract getTabAt(int)
  m        public abstract getCustomView()
  m        public setSplitBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  n        public abstract removeAllTabs()
  n        public abstract addOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  n        public abstract setDisplayShowTitleEnabled(boolean)
  o        public dispatchMenuVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  o        public setHomeActionContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p        public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p        public abstract setDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  q        public abstract getTabCount()
  r        public startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  r        public abstract setSubtitle(int)
  s        public abstract setDisplayOptions(int,int)
  t        public abstract getDisplayOptions()
  u        public abstract newTab()
  u        public abstract addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int,boolean)
  u        public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams)
  u        public abstract setDisplayShowHomeEnabled(boolean)
  u        public abstract setDisplayOptions(int)
  v        public abstract getSelectedTab()
  w        public abstract show()
  w        public setHideOffset(int)
  x        public abstract addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  x        public onKeyShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  y        public abstract setDisplayShowCustomEnabled(boolean)
  y        public setHomeActionContentDescription(int)
  z        public isTitleTruncated()
  z        public abstract setCustomView(int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Callback        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi$t)
===============================================================================
  eval_b   public abstract getSupportFragmentManager()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$DisplayOptions  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi$j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi$q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$NavigationMode  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi$p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi$z)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public abstract onMenuVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi$r)
===============================================================================
  r    public abstract onNavigationItemSelected(int,long)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$ParseException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi$eval_d)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract getIcon()
  b    public abstract select()
  c    public abstract getPosition()
  e    public abstract setContentDescription(int)
  g    public abstract setTabListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$TabListener)
  i    public abstract getCustomView()
  k    public abstract getText()
  n    public abstract setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  r    public abstract getContentDescription()
  u    public abstract getTag()
  u    public abstract setCustomView(int)
  v    public abstract setContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  w    public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  w    public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View)
  w    public abstract setText(int)
  x    public abstract setIcon(int)
  z    public abstract setTag(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$TabListener     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hi$k)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract onTabUnselected(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction)
  e    public abstract onTabSelected(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction)
  h    public abstract onTabReselected(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bl)
===============================================================================
  b                        superOnCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  d                        public getV7DrawerToggleDelegate()
  e                        public setSupportProgressBarIndeterminateVisibility(boolean)
  eval_d                   public supportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
  eval_g                   private getDelegate()
  eval_l                   superOnMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  f                        public setSupportProgressBarVisibility(boolean)
  g                        public onCreateSupportNavigateUpTaskStack(android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder)
  g                        public supportRequestWindowFeature(int)
  i                        protected onPrepareOptionsPanel(android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  j                        public getSupportParentActivityIntent()
  j                        public onSupportActionModeStarted(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  k                        public final getDrawerToggleDelegate()
  m                        public onPrepareSupportNavigateUpTaskStack(android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder)
  m                        public setSupportProgress(int)
  n                        public getSupportActionBar()
  o                        public startSupportActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  o                        superOnPrepareOptionsPanel(android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  o                        superAddContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  p                        public setSupportActionBar(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  q                        public supportShouldUpRecreateTask(android.content.Intent)
  r                        public onSupportNavigateUp()
  s                        superOnPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  t                        superSetContentView(android.view.View)
  u                        public onSupportActionModeFinished(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  v                        superOnPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  x                        public onSupportContentChanged()
  x                        superSetContentView(int)
  y                        public setSupportProgressBarIndeterminate(boolean)
  z                        public supportNavigateUpTo(android.content.Intent)
  z                        superSetContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  addContentView           public addContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  dispatchKeyEvent         public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  getMenuInflater          public getMenuInflater()
  invalidateOptionsMenu    public invalidateOptionsMenu()
  onBackPressed            public onBackPressed()
  onConfigurationChanged   public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onContentChanged         public final onContentChanged()
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreatePanelMenu        public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  onCreateView             public onCreateView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  onDestroy                protected onDestroy()
  onKeyShortcut            public onKeyShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onMenuItemSelected       public final onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  onMenuOpened             public onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  onPanelClosed            public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  onPostCreate             protected onPostCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onPostResume             protected onPostResume()
  onPreparePanel           public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  onStop                   protected onStop()
  onTitleChanged           protected onTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int)
  setContentView           public setContentView(android.view.View)
  setContentView           public setContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  setContentView           public setContentView(int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity$NullPointerException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_aa)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pt)
===============================================================================
  a        final peekSupportActionBar()
  a        final setWindowCallback(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback)
  a        abstract startSupportActionModeFromWindow(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  a        abstract addContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  b        final isDestroyed()
  b        abstract setSupportProgressBarIndeterminate(boolean)
  c        onPrepareOptionsPanel(android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  c        abstract supportRequestWindowFeature(int)
  c        abstract onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  eval_f   abstract setSupportProgress(int)
  eval_i   final getV7DrawerToggleDelegate()
  eval_j   final getWindowCallback()
  eval_r   abstract onPostResume()
  eval_s   final getUiOptionsFromMetadata()
  eval_x   abstract onBackPressed()
  h        abstract supportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
  h        abstract setContentView(android.view.View)
  h        abstract onKeyShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  j        final getSupportActionBar()
  k        abstract onStop()
  k        abstract onTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  n        abstract onContentChanged()
  n        abstract onPostCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  o        protected final getActionBarThemedContext()
  o        static createDelegate(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity)
  o        abstract startSupportActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  o        abstract onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  p        final getDrawerToggleDelegate()
  q        getMenuInflater()
  q        abstract setContentView(int)
  r        abstract createSupportActionBar()
  r        abstract setContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  s        abstract setSupportActionBar(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  t        onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  u        protected final setSupportActionBar(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar)
  u        abstract dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  v        final destroy()
  v        abstract onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  v        abstract onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  v        abstract onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  w        abstract getHomeAsUpIndicatorAttrId()
  x        abstract setSupportProgressBarIndeterminateVisibility(boolean)
  x        abstract createView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  z        abstract setSupportProgressBarVisibility(boolean)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pt$1)
===============================================================================
  i    public onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  j    public startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  j    public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  o    public onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  p    public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  w    public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  z    public onCreatePanelView(int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$ActionBarDrawableToggleImpl     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pt$l)
===============================================================================
  d    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  e    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  t    public getActionBarThemedContext()
  t    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  w    public isNavigationVisible()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo)
===============================================================================
  a        startSupportActionModeFromWindow(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  a        public addContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  a        private getPanelState(int,boolean)
  b        setSupportProgressBarIndeterminate(boolean)
  b        private callOnPanelClosed(int,android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,android.view.Menu)
  c        onSubDecorInstalled()
  c        static access$1200(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,int)
  c        public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  c        public supportRequestWindowFeature(int)
  c        public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  d        private findMenuPanel(android.view.Menu)
  e        private initializePanelDecor(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState)
  eval_f   setSupportProgress(int)
  eval_r   public onPostResume()
  eval_r   private invalidatePanelMenu(int)
  eval_t   private preparePanel(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,android.view.KeyEvent)
  eval_x   public onBackPressed()
  f        private applyFixedSizeWindow()
  g        private initializePanelMenu(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState)
  g        static access$300(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,int)
  h        public supportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
  h        public setContentView(android.view.View)
  h        onKeyShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  i        static access$800(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,boolean)
  k        public onStop()
  k        final performPanelShortcut(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,int,android.view.KeyEvent,int)
  k        static access$700(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,int,android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,android.view.Menu)
  k        private reopenMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  k        protected onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  k        public onTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  l        static access$900(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  l        static access$002(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,int)
  m        private openPanel(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,android.view.KeyEvent)
  n        public onContentChanged()
  n        onPostCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  n        private checkCloseActionMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  o        private initializePanelContent(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState)
  o        static access$202(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,boolean)
  o        public startSupportActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  o        onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  p        private closePanel(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,boolean)
  q        static access$100(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,int)
  q        public setContentView(int)
  r        public createSupportActionBar()
  r        static access$600(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,android.view.Menu)
  r        public setContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  r        private onKeyDownPanel(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  s        setSupportActionBar(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  s        private onKeyUpPanel(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  t        onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  t        private doInvalidatePanelMenu(int)
  u        dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  v        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  v        protected onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  v        public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  v        public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  w        getHomeAsUpIndicatorAttrId()
  w        public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  w        private closePanel(int)
  x        setSupportProgressBarIndeterminateVisibility(boolean)
  x        createView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  y        private throwFeatureRequestIfSubDecorInstalled()
  z        final ensureSubDecor()
  z        static access$000(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase)
  z        setSupportProgressBarVisibility(boolean)
  z        private updateStatusGuard(int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$2   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$2)
===============================================================================
  c    public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$3   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$3)
===============================================================================
  k    public onFitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$4   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$4)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ActionMenuPresenterCallback (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$g)
===============================================================================
  eval_x   public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  x        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ActionModeCallbackWrapper   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$a)
===============================================================================
  f    public onActionItemClicked(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.MenuItem)
  n    public onDestroyActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  v    public onPrepareActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)
  y    public onCreateActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ListMenuDecorView   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$b)
===============================================================================
  e                        private isOutOfBounds(int,int)
  dispatchKeyEvent         public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  onInterceptTouchEvent    public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setBackgroundResource    public setBackgroundResource(int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$d)
===============================================================================
  a    getListMenuView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  h    onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  i    public hasPanelItems()
  l    public clearMenuPresenters()
  n    onSaveInstanceState()
  p    setMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  u    setStyle(android.content.Context)
  x    applyFrozenState()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$NullPointerException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$d$p)
===============================================================================
  d                private static readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  h                static access$1100(android.os.Parcel)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$d$p$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelMenuPresenterCallback  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mo$i)
===============================================================================
  eval_x   public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  x        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateHC       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ty)
===============================================================================
  c    onSubDecorInstalled()
  h    public startActionModeForChild(android.view.View,android.view.ActionMode$Callback)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateHC$NullPointerException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_me)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b)
===============================================================================
  a        public setToolbarNavigationClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
  b        static access$200(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle)
  eval_x   getThemeUpIndicator()
  g        public setDrawerIndicatorEnabled(boolean)
  h        public onDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  k        static access$100(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle)
  m        public isDrawerIndicatorEnabled()
  m        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  n        setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  p        private toggle()
  q        static access$000(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle)
  r        public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  s        public syncState()
  t        public onDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  t        setActionBarDescription(int)
  w        public getToolbarNavigationClickListener()
  x        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  x        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  y        public onDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)
  y        public onDrawerStateChanged(int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Delegate    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$i)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract setActionBarDescription(int)
  e    public abstract getThemeUpIndicator()
  t    public abstract getActionBarThemedContext()
  t    public abstract setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  w    public abstract isNavigationVisible()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DelegateProvider    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$g)
===============================================================================
  v    public abstract getDrawerToggleDelegate()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DrawerArrowDrawableToggle   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$u)
===============================================================================
  i    public setPosition(float)
  m    isLayoutRtl()
  t    public getPosition()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DrawerToggle        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$w)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract setPosition(float)
  t    public abstract getPosition()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DummyDelegate       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$f)
===============================================================================
  d    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  e    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  t    public getActionBarThemedContext()
  t    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  w    public isNavigationVisible()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wa)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$HoneycombDelegate   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$t)
===============================================================================
  d    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  e    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  t    public getActionBarThemedContext()
  t    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  w    public isNavigationVisible()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$JellybeanMr2Delegate        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$l)
===============================================================================
  d    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  e    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  t    public getActionBarThemedContext()
  t    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  w    public isNavigationVisible()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$TmpDelegateProvider (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$b)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract getV7DrawerToggleDelegate()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ToolbarCompatDelegate       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__b$k)
===============================================================================
  d    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  e    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  t    public getActionBarThemedContext()
  t    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  w    public isNavigationVisible()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y0)
===============================================================================
  c    public static setActionBarUpIndicator(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  k    public static getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  q    public static setActionBarDescription(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo,android.app.Activity,int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ck)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y0$c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.DrawerArrowDrawable       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ju)
===============================================================================
  e                    public setProgress(float)
  eval_x               public getProgress()
  k                    protected setVerticalMirror(boolean)
  m                    abstract isLayoutRtl()
  q                    private static lerp(float,float,float)
  draw                 public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getIntrinsicHeight   public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth    public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getOpacity           public getOpacity()
  isAutoMirrored       public isAutoMirrored()
  setAlpha             public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter       public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)

android.support.v7.app.DrawerArrowDrawable$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.BuildConfig (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.BuildConfig$NullPointerException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$NullPointerException
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.cardview.BuildConfig  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.cardview.BuildConfig$Exception        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.cardview.R
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.cardview.R$Exception
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.cardview.R$attr
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.cardview.R$color
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.cardview.R$dimen
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.cardview.R$style
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.VersionUtils (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l1)
===============================================================================
  d    public static isAtLeastL()

android.support.v7.internal.VersionUtils$NullPointerException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_or)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.app.NavItemSelectedListener  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mq)
===============================================================================
  f    public onItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.view.View,int,long)
  k    public onNothingSelected(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat)

android.support.v7.internal.app.NavItemSelectedListener$NullPointerException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q9)
===============================================================================
  a        public hide()
  a        public setStackedBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  a        public setListNavigationCallbacks(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener)
  b        public getHeight()
  c        static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar,android.view.Menu)
  d        public setIcon(int)
  e        public removeOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  e        public removeTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  e        static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  e        private getListMenuView(android.view.Menu)
  e        public removeTabAt(int)
  eval__   public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_b   public getThemedContext()
  eval_c   public setTitle(int)
  eval_d   public invalidateOptionsMenu()
  eval_f   public collapseActionView()
  eval_h   public openOptionsMenu()
  eval_j   public getNavigationMode()
  eval_k   public setSelectedNavigationItem(int)
  eval_l   public selectTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  eval_m   public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_n   public getSubtitle()
  eval_o   public isShowing()
  eval_o   public setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  eval_s   public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  eval_t   private getMenu()
  eval_y   public setShowHideAnimationEnabled(boolean)
  eval_z   public getElevation()
  eval_z   public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  f        static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  f        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  g        public getNavigationItemCount()
  h        public getTitle()
  h        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  h        private ensureListMenuPresenter(android.view.Menu)
  i        static access$202(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar,boolean)
  i        public setDefaultDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  i        public setNavigationMode(int)
  i        public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  j        public setDisplayUseLogoEnabled(boolean)
  j        public setLogo(int)
  k        populateOptionsMenu()
  k        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  k        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int)
  k        static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  k        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  l        public getSelectedNavigationIndex()
  l        static access$700(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  l        public onMenuKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  l        public setElevation(float)
  l        public getTabAt(int)
  m        public getCustomView()
  m        public setSplitBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  n        public removeAllTabs()
  n        public addOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  n        public setDisplayShowTitleEnabled(boolean)
  o        public dispatchMenuVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  o        public setHomeActionContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p        public setDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  q        public getTabCount()
  r        public startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  r        public setSubtitle(int)
  s        public setDisplayOptions(int,int)
  t        public getDisplayOptions()
  u        public newTab()
  u        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int,boolean)
  u        public setCustomView(android.view.View,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams)
  u        public setDisplayShowHomeEnabled(boolean)
  u        public setDisplayOptions(int)
  v        public getSelectedTab()
  w        public show()
  x        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  x        public onKeyShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  y        public getWrappedWindowCallback()
  y        public setDisplayShowCustomEnabled(boolean)
  y        public setHomeActionContentDescription(int)
  z        public isTitleTruncated()
  z        public setCustomView(int)

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q9$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$2       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q9$2)
===============================================================================
  e    public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$ActionMenuPresenterCallback     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q9$_)
===============================================================================
  eval_x   public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  x        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_cm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$MenuBuilderCallback     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q9$n)
===============================================================================
  c    public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  w    public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$PanelMenuPresenterCallback      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q9$v)
===============================================================================
  eval_x   public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  x        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$ToolbarCallbackWrapper  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q9$j)
===============================================================================
  p    public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  z    public onCreatePanelView(int)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t1)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  j    public abstract startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  j    public abstract onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  o    public abstract onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  p    public abstract onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  w    public abstract onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  z    public abstract onCreatePanelView(int)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qe)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u2)
===============================================================================
  a        public hide()
  a        public setStackedBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  a        static access$700(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  a        public setListNavigationCallbacks(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener)
  b        public getHeight()
  c        public showForSystem()
  c        static access$1300(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  d        private updateVisibility(boolean)
  d        public setIcon(int)
  e        public isHideOnContentScrollEnabled()
  e        public removeOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  e        public removeTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  e        public removeTabAt(int)
  eval__   public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_a   private showForActionMode()
  eval_a   public onWindowVisibilityChanged(int)
  eval_b   public getThemedContext()
  eval_c   public setTitle(int)
  eval_e   static access$800(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  eval_f   public collapseActionView()
  eval_f   static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  eval_f   public enableContentAnimations(boolean)
  eval_g   public hideForSystem()
  eval_h   static access$1100(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  eval_i   private hideForActionMode()
  eval_j   public getNavigationMode()
  eval_k   public setSelectedNavigationItem(int)
  eval_l   public selectTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  eval_l   public doHide(boolean)
  eval_m   public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_n   public getSubtitle()
  eval_o   public isShowing()
  eval_o   public setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  eval_q   public hasLogo()
  eval_r   getTintManager()
  eval_r   public animateToMode(boolean)
  eval_s   public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  eval_u   private cleanupTabs()
  eval_v   public hasIcon()
  eval_x   public getHideOffset()
  eval_y   public onContentScrollStarted()
  eval_y   public setShowHideAnimationEnabled(boolean)
  eval_z   public getElevation()
  eval_z   public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  eval_z   static access$1000(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  f        static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  f        public setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
  f        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  g        public getNavigationItemCount()
  g        static access$1200(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  h        public getTitle()
  h        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  i        public setDefaultDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  i        public setNavigationMode(int)
  i        public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public onContentScrollStopped()
  j        public setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  j        private init(android.view.View)
  j        public setDisplayUseLogoEnabled(boolean)
  j        public setLogo(int)
  k        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  k        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int)
  k        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  l        public getSelectedNavigationIndex()
  l        public setElevation(float)
  l        public getTabAt(int)
  m        public getCustomView()
  m        public setSplitBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  n        public removeAllTabs()
  n        public addOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  n        private getDecorToolbar(android.view.View)
  n        public setDisplayShowTitleEnabled(boolean)
  o        private ensureTabsExist()
  o        private configureTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int)
  o        public dispatchMenuVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  o        public setHomeActionContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p        static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  p        public setDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  q        public getTabCount()
  r        static access$600(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  r        public startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  r        public setSubtitle(int)
  s        completeDeferredDestroyActionMode()
  s        public setDisplayOptions(int,int)
  t        public getDisplayOptions()
  t        static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  u        public newTab()
  u        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int,boolean)
  u        public setCustomView(android.view.View,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams)
  u        public setDisplayShowHomeEnabled(boolean)
  u        public setDisplayOptions(int)
  v        public getSelectedTab()
  w        public show()
  w        public doShow(boolean)
  w        public setHideOffset(int)
  x        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  x        static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  x        private setHasEmbeddedTabs(boolean)
  x        private static checkShowingFlags(boolean,boolean,boolean)
  y        public setDisplayShowCustomEnabled(boolean)
  y        public setHomeActionContentDescription(int)
  z        public isTitleTruncated()
  z        static access$502(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar,android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet)
  z        static access$900(boolean,boolean,boolean)
  z        public setCustomView(int)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u2$1)
===============================================================================
  z    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$2   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u2$2)
===============================================================================
  z    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$3   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u2$3)
===============================================================================
  e    public onAnimationUpdate(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$ActionModeImpl      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u2$l)
===============================================================================
  b        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  b        public setTitle(int)
  c        public invalidate()
  c        public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  e        public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_e   public getCustomView()
  eval_o   public dispatchOnCreate()
  h        public getMenuInflater()
  h        public setSubtitle(int)
  i        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  j        public getMenu()
  p        public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  q        public setTitleOptionalHint(boolean)
  r        public finish()
  u        public getTitle()
  u        public onCloseSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  v        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  w        public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  x        public isTitleOptional()
  y        public getSubtitle()

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$TabImpl     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u2$e)
===============================================================================
  a    public getIcon()
  b    public select()
  c    public getPosition()
  e    public setContentDescription(int)
  g    public setTabListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$TabListener)
  i    public getCustomView()
  k    public getText()
  m    public getCallback()
  n    public setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  r    public getContentDescription()
  u    public getTag()
  u    public setCustomView(int)
  v    public setContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  w    public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  w    public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  w    public setText(int)
  x    public setIcon(int)
  y    public setPosition(int)
  z    public setTag(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v7.internal.text.AllCapsTransformationMethod     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sf)
===============================================================================
  getTransformation    public getTransformation(java.lang.CharSequence,android.view.View)
  onFocusChanged       public onFocusChanged(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,int,android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.internal.text.AllCapsTransformationMethod$NullPointerException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.transition.ActionBarTransition       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tl)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public static beginDelayedTransition(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v7.internal.transition.ActionBarTransition$IOException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.ActionBarPolicy (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_av)
===============================================================================
  d        public hasEmbeddedTabs()
  eval_q   public getStackedTabMaxWidth()
  eval_v   public getEmbeddedMenuWidthLimit()
  k        public static get(android.content.Context)
  n        public getTabContainerHeight()
  s        public showsOverflowMenuButton()
  t        public enableHomeButtonByDefault()
  y        public getMaxActionButtons()

android.support.v7.internal.view.ActionBarPolicy$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.StandaloneActionMode    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qo)
===============================================================================
  a        public onCloseSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  b        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  b        public setTitle(int)
  c        public invalidate()
  c        public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  e        public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_e   public getCustomView()
  h        public getMenuInflater()
  h        public setSubtitle(int)
  i        public isUiFocusable()
  j        public getMenu()
  p        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  q        public setTitleOptionalHint(boolean)
  r        public finish()
  r        public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  u        public getTitle()
  v        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  w        public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  x        public isTitleOptional()
  y        public getSubtitle()

android.support.v7.internal.view.StandaloneActionMode$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__7)
===============================================================================
  finish               public finish()
  getCustomView        public getCustomView()
  getMenu              public getMenu()
  getMenuInflater      public getMenuInflater()
  getSubtitle          public getSubtitle()
  getTag               public getTag()
  getTitle             public getTitle()
  getTitleOptionalHint public getTitleOptionalHint()
  invalidate           public invalidate()
  isTitleOptional      public isTitleOptional()
  setCustomView        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  setSubtitle          public setSubtitle(int)
  setSubtitle          public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTag               public setTag(java.lang.Object)
  setTitle             public setTitle(int)
  setTitle             public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTitleOptionalHint public setTitleOptionalHint(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper$CallbackWrapper        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__7$d)
===============================================================================
  f    public onActionItemClicked(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.MenuItem)
  g    private getMenuWrapper(android.view.Menu)
  j    private getActionModeWrapper(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  n    public onDestroyActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  v    public onPrepareActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)
  y    public onCreateActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper$ParseException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i9)
===============================================================================
  b        static access$200()
  b        static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater)
  d        static access$600(android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater)
  j        private getRealOwner()
  k        private findRealOwner(java.lang.Object)
  n        static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater)
  r        static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater)
  v        static access$500()
  w        private parseMenu(org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.view.Menu)
  inflate  public inflate(int,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$InflatedOnMenuItemClickListener     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i9$w)
===============================================================================
  onMenuItemClick  public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$MenuState   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i9$b)
===============================================================================
  a        public readGroup(android.util.AttributeSet)
  c        public hasAddedItem()
  d        public addItem()
  eval_i   private setItem(android.view.MenuItem)
  g        public resetGroup()
  j        static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$MenuState)
  n        private newInstance(java.lang.String,java.lang.Class[],java.lang.Object[])
  p        public addSubMenuItem()
  r        public readItem(android.util.AttributeSet)
  x        private getShortcut(java.lang.String)

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g5)
===============================================================================
  a    private onAnimationsEnded()
  a    static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet)
  c    public start()
  c    static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet)
  g    public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  h    public play(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  j    public setInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  v    public setDuration(long)
  y    static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet)
  z    public cancel()

android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g5$1)
===============================================================================
  k    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  y    onEnd()
  z    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet$ParseException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItem     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v9)
===============================================================================
  d                            public invoke()
  j                            public setSupportActionProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  o                            public setSupportOnActionExpandListener(android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  q                            public setExclusiveCheckable(boolean)
  setActionView                public setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public setActionView(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  w                            public getSupportActionProvider()
  collapseActionView           public collapseActionView()
  expandActionView             public expandActionView()
  getActionProvider            public getActionProvider()
  getActionView                public getActionView()
  getAlphabeticShortcut        public getAlphabeticShortcut()
  getGroupId                   public getGroupId()
  getIcon                      public getIcon()
  getIntent                    public getIntent()
  getItemId                    public getItemId()
  getMenuInfo                  public getMenuInfo()
  getNumericShortcut           public getNumericShortcut()
  getOrder                     public getOrder()
  getSubMenu                   public getSubMenu()
  getTitle                     public getTitle()
  getTitleCondensed            public getTitleCondensed()
  hasSubMenu                   public hasSubMenu()
  isActionViewExpanded         public isActionViewExpanded()
  isCheckable                  public isCheckable()
  isChecked                    public isChecked()
  isEnabled                    public isEnabled()
  isVisible                    public isVisible()
  setActionProvider            public setActionProvider(android.view.ActionProvider)
  setActionView                public volatile setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public volatile setActionView(int)
  setAlphabeticShortcut        public setAlphabeticShortcut(char)
  setCheckable                 public setCheckable(boolean)
  setChecked                   public setChecked(boolean)
  setEnabled                   public setEnabled(boolean)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(int)
  setIntent                    public setIntent(android.content.Intent)
  setNumericShortcut           public setNumericShortcut(char)
  setOnActionExpandListener    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnActionExpandListener)
  setOnMenuItemClickListener   public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  setShortcut                  public setShortcut(char,char)
  setShowAsAction              public setShowAsAction(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public volatile setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTitleCondensed            public setTitleCondensed(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItem$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wj)
===============================================================================
  a                        public setItemInvoker(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker)
  a                        public initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,int)
  b                        public setCheckable(boolean)
  c                        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  d                        public needsDividerBefore()
  e                        public hasText()
  eval_b                   public needsDividerAfter()
  eval_i                   public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_z                   public prefersCondensedTitle()
  h                        public setExpandedFormat(boolean)
  o                        public showsIcon()
  q                        static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView)
  q                        public setShortcut(boolean,char)
  r                        static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView)
  s                        public setChecked(boolean)
  x                        public getItemData()
  y                        private updateTextButtonVisibility()
  y                        static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView)
  z                        public setPopupCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback)
  onClick                  public onClick(android.view.View)
  onConfigurationChanged   public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onLongClick              public onLongClick(android.view.View)
  onMeasure                protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onTouchEvent             public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setPadding               public setPadding(int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$ActionMenuItemForwardingListener        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wj$t)
===============================================================================
  b    public getPopup()
  e    protected onForwardingStarted()
  s    protected onForwardingStopped()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_aq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wj$g)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract getPopup()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuPresenter  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b3)
===============================================================================
  b        public getCallback()
  b        public setId(int)
  c        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  c        public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  c        public shouldIncludeItem(int,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  eval_p   protected addItemView(android.view.View,int)
  f        public getItemView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  g        public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  g        protected filterLeftoverView(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  k        public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  q        public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  r        public abstract bindItemView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView)
  s        public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  s        public updateMenuView(boolean)
  u        public getId()
  v        public flagActionItems()
  v        public createItemView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  z        public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuPresenter$NullPointerException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_em)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuWrapper    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ww)
===============================================================================
  e        final internalClear()
  eval_o   final internalRemoveItem(int)
  u        final internalRemoveGroup(int)
  x        final getMenuItemWrapper(android.view.MenuItem)
  x        final getSubMenuWrapper(android.view.SubMenu)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuWrapper$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseWrapper        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lx)
===============================================================================
  eval_y   public getWrappedObject()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseWrapper$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gj)
===============================================================================
  j                    public invokeItem(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  k                    public getWindowAnimations()
  q                    public initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onItemClick          public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView$Exception (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuItemView   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__f)
===============================================================================
  a                public initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,int)
  b                private insertRadioButton()
  b                public setCheckable(boolean)
  c                public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  d                private getInflater()
  eval_i           public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_m           private insertCheckBox()
  eval_z           public prefersCondensedTitle()
  i                public setForceShowIcon(boolean)
  o                public showsIcon()
  q                public setShortcut(boolean,char)
  r                private insertIconView()
  s                public setChecked(boolean)
  x                public getItemData()
  onFinishInflate  protected onFinishInflate()
  onMeasure        protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuItemView$Exception (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pu)
===============================================================================
  b            public getAdapter()
  c            public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  c            public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  d            getItemIndexOffset()
  eval_c       public onSaveInstanceState()
  g            public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  h            public setId(int)
  k            public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  k            static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter)
  k            public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  o            public saveHierarchyState(android.os.Bundle)
  p            public restoreHierarchyState(android.os.Bundle)
  q            public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  s            public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  s            public updateMenuView(boolean)
  u            public getId()
  v            public flagActionItems()
  z            public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  z            public setItemIndexOffset(int)
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter$MenuAdapter      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pu$y)
===============================================================================
  e                    findExpandedIndex()
  getItem              public getItem(int)
  getCount             public getCount()
  getItem              public volatile getItem(int)
  getItemId            public getItemId(int)
  getView              public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  notifyDataSetChanged public notifyDataSetChanged()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter$NullPointerException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yc)
===============================================================================
  a                        public changeMenuMode()
  a                        private setShortcutsVisibleInner(boolean)
  a                        public setDefaultShowAsAction(int)
  b                        isQwertyMode()
  c                        private dispatchPresenterUpdate(boolean)
  d                        public getHeaderTitle()
  d                        public savePresenterStates(android.os.Bundle)
  d                        public setShortcutsVisible(boolean)
  d                        protected setHeaderTitleInt(java.lang.CharSequence)
  e                        public clearAll()
  e                        protected setHeaderIconInt(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  e                        private dispatchSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter)
  eval_b                   public getVisibleItems()
  eval_m                   private addInternal(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_n                   public onItemsChanged(boolean)
  eval_o                   public getActionItems()
  eval_r                   getOptionalIconsVisible()
  eval_r                   private createNewMenuItem(int,int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence,int)
  eval_x                   public saveActionViewStates(android.os.Bundle)
  f                        public getHeaderIcon()
  f                        public removeMenuPresenter(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter)
  f                        public findGroupIndex(int,int)
  g                        public getNonActionItems()
  g                        public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  g                        private removeItemAtInt(int,boolean)
  h                        private dispatchRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  h                        public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  h                        public findItemIndex(int)
  i                        getResources()
  i                        public restoreActionViewStates(android.os.Bundle)
  j                        public stopDispatchingItemsChanged()
  j                        public setCurrentMenuInfo(android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  j                        setOptionalIconsVisible(boolean)
  j                        private setHeaderInternal(int,java.lang.CharSequence,int,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.view.View)
  j                        private static findInsertIndex(java.util.ArrayList,int)
  k                        public removeItemAt(int)
  l                        public performItemAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  l                        protected setHeaderTitleInt(int)
  m                        public getContext()
  m                        public restorePresenterStates(android.os.Bundle)
  m                        private static getOrdering(int)
  m                        findItemWithShortcutForKey(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  o                        public getHeaderView()
  p                        public addMenuPresenter(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter)
  p                        protected setHeaderViewInt(android.view.View)
  q                        public isShortcutsVisible()
  q                        setExclusiveItemChecked(android.view.MenuItem)
  q                        public final close(boolean)
  r                        private dispatchSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  r                        public performItemAction(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter,int)
  s                        public getExpandedItem()
  u                        public startDispatchingItemsChanged()
  v                        public getRootMenu()
  w                        dispatchMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  w                        onItemVisibleChanged(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  x                        public flagActionItems()
  x                        public findGroupIndex(int)
  y                        onItemActionRequestChanged(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  y                        public addMenuPresenter(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter,android.content.Context)
  z                        protected getActionViewStatesKey()
  z                        public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  z                        protected setHeaderIconInt(int)
  z                        findItemsWithShortcutForKey(java.util.List,int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  add                      public add(int)
  add                      public add(int,int,int,int)
  add                      public add(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  add                      public add(java.lang.CharSequence)
  addIntentOptions         public addIntentOptions(int,int,int,android.content.ComponentName,android.content.Intent[],android.content.Intent,int,android.view.MenuItem[])
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int,int,int,int)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(java.lang.CharSequence)
  clear                    public clear()
  clearHeader              public clearHeader()
  close                    public close()
  findItem                 public findItem(int)
  getItem                  public getItem(int)
  hasVisibleItems          public hasVisibleItems()
  isShortcutKey            public isShortcutKey(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  performIdentifierAction  public performIdentifierAction(int,int)
  performShortcut          public performShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent,int)
  removeGroup              public removeGroup(int)
  removeItem               public removeItem(int)
  setGroupCheckable        public setGroupCheckable(int,boolean,boolean)
  setGroupEnabled          public setGroupEnabled(int,boolean)
  setGroupVisible          public setGroupVisible(int,boolean)
  setQwertyMode            public setQwertyMode(boolean)
  size                     public size()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yc$d)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  w    public abstract onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_iz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yc$b)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract invokeItem(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuDialogHelper   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vp)
===============================================================================
  d            public setPresenterCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  eval_x       public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  i            public show(android.os.IBinder)
  l            public dismiss()
  x            public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  onClick      public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
  onDismiss    public onDismiss(android.content.DialogInterface)
  onKey        public onKey(android.content.DialogInterface,int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuDialogHelper$Exception (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ep)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b5)
===============================================================================
  c                            public setExclusiveCheckable(boolean)
  d                            getCallback()
  eval_b                       public isActionButton()
  eval_f                       public showsTextAsAction()
  eval_i                       public hasCollapsibleActionView()
  eval_o                       public requestsActionButton()
  eval_s                       public setActionViewExpanded(boolean)
  eval_u                       public actionFormatChanged()
  eval_z                       getShortcut()
  g                            getTitleForItemView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView)
  h                            public requiresActionButton()
  j                            public setSupportActionProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  l                            setSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  l                            setMenuInfo(android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  m                            public shouldShowIcon()
  m                            setCheckedInt(boolean)
  n                            static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  o                            public setSupportOnActionExpandListener(android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  q                            public invoke()
  s                            shouldShowShortcut()
  setActionView                public setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public setActionView(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  t                            public isExclusiveCheckable()
  t                            public setIsActionButton(boolean)
  v                            public getOrdering()
  v                            setVisibleInt(boolean)
  w                            public getSupportActionProvider()
  z                            getShortcutLabel()
  z                            public setCallback(java.lang.Runnable)
  collapseActionView           public collapseActionView()
  expandActionView             public expandActionView()
  getActionProvider            public getActionProvider()
  getActionView                public getActionView()
  getAlphabeticShortcut        public getAlphabeticShortcut()
  getGroupId                   public getGroupId()
  getIcon                      public getIcon()
  getIntent                    public getIntent()
  getItemId                    public getItemId()
  getMenuInfo                  public getMenuInfo()
  getNumericShortcut           public getNumericShortcut()
  getOrder                     public getOrder()
  getSubMenu                   public getSubMenu()
  getTitle                     public getTitle()
  getTitleCondensed            public getTitleCondensed()
  hasSubMenu                   public hasSubMenu()
  isActionViewExpanded         public isActionViewExpanded()
  isCheckable                  public isCheckable()
  isChecked                    public isChecked()
  isEnabled                    public isEnabled()
  isVisible                    public isVisible()
  setActionProvider            public setActionProvider(android.view.ActionProvider)
  setActionView                public volatile setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public volatile setActionView(int)
  setAlphabeticShortcut        public setAlphabeticShortcut(char)
  setCheckable                 public setCheckable(boolean)
  setChecked                   public setChecked(boolean)
  setEnabled                   public setEnabled(boolean)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(int)
  setIntent                    public setIntent(android.content.Intent)
  setNumericShortcut           public setNumericShortcut(char)
  setOnActionExpandListener    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnActionExpandListener)
  setOnMenuItemClickListener   public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  setShortcut                  public setShortcut(char,char)
  setShowAsAction              public setShowAsAction(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public volatile setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTitleCondensed            public setTitleCondensed(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean)
  toString                     public toString()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl$1     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b5$1)
===============================================================================
  m    public onActionProviderVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl$NullPointerException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rt)
===============================================================================
  u                            createActionProviderWrapper(android.view.ActionProvider)
  u                            public setExclusiveCheckable(boolean)
  collapseActionView           public collapseActionView()
  expandActionView             public expandActionView()
  getActionProvider            public getActionProvider()
  getActionView                public getActionView()
  getAlphabeticShortcut        public getAlphabeticShortcut()
  getGroupId                   public getGroupId()
  getIcon                      public getIcon()
  getIntent                    public getIntent()
  getItemId                    public getItemId()
  getMenuInfo                  public getMenuInfo()
  getNumericShortcut           public getNumericShortcut()
  getOrder                     public getOrder()
  getSubMenu                   public getSubMenu()
  getTitle                     public getTitle()
  getTitleCondensed            public getTitleCondensed()
  hasSubMenu                   public hasSubMenu()
  isActionViewExpanded         public isActionViewExpanded()
  isCheckable                  public isCheckable()
  isChecked                    public isChecked()
  isEnabled                    public isEnabled()
  isVisible                    public isVisible()
  setActionProvider            public setActionProvider(android.view.ActionProvider)
  setActionView                public setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public setActionView(int)
  setAlphabeticShortcut        public setAlphabeticShortcut(char)
  setCheckable                 public setCheckable(boolean)
  setChecked                   public setChecked(boolean)
  setEnabled                   public setEnabled(boolean)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(int)
  setIntent                    public setIntent(android.content.Intent)
  setNumericShortcut           public setNumericShortcut(char)
  setOnActionExpandListener    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnActionExpandListener)
  setOnMenuItemClickListener   public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  setShortcut                  public setShortcut(char,char)
  setShowAsAction              public setShowAsAction(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTitleCondensed            public setTitleCondensed(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$ActionProviderWrapper   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rt$t)
===============================================================================
  b        public onCreateActionView()
  eval_g   public onPrepareSubMenu(android.view.SubMenu)
  eval_y   public onPerformDefaultAction()
  n        public hasSubMenu()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$CollapsibleActionViewWrapper    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rt$y)
===============================================================================
  eval_s   getWrappedView()
  r        public onActionViewCollapsed()
  t        public onActionViewExpanded()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$OnActionExpandListenerWrapper   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rt$e)
===============================================================================
  t    public onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  z    public onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$OnMenuItemClickListenerWrapper  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rt$eval_h)
===============================================================================
  onMenuItemClick  public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_li)
===============================================================================
  u    createActionProviderWrapper(android.view.ActionProvider)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB$ActionProviderWrapperJB  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_li$z)
===============================================================================
  j                                public overridesItemVisibility()
  k                                public setVisibilityListener(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$VisibilityListener)
  n                                public onCreateActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  w                                public isVisible()
  y                                public refreshVisibility()
  onActionProviderVisibilityChanged    public onActionProviderVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB$NullPointerException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_te)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dg)
===============================================================================
  a                static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper)
  c                public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  c                public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  c                public setGravity(int)
  e                public setForceShowIcon(boolean)
  eval_c           public onSaveInstanceState()
  eval_w           private measureContentWidth()
  eval_y           public dismiss()
  g                public show()
  g                public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  g                static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper)
  h                static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper)
  k                public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  k                public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  n                public getPopup()
  n                public setAnchorView(android.view.View)
  o                public isShowing()
  q                public tryShow()
  q                public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  s                public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  s                public updateMenuView(boolean)
  u                public getId()
  v                public flagActionItems()
  z                public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  onDismiss        public onDismiss()
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()
  onItemClick      public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onKey            public onKey(android.view.View,int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$MenuAdapter        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dg$k)
===============================================================================
  g                    findExpandedIndex()
  getItem              public getItem(int)
  v                    static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$MenuAdapter)
  getCount             public getCount()
  getItem              public volatile getItem(int)
  getItemId            public getItemId(int)
  getView              public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  notifyDataSetChanged public notifyDataSetChanged()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f5)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  c        public abstract setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  eval_c   public abstract onSaveInstanceState()
  g        public abstract initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  k        public abstract onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  k        public abstract getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  q        public abstract expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  s        public abstract onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  s        public abstract updateMenuView(boolean)
  u        public abstract getId()
  v        public abstract flagActionItems()
  z        public abstract collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_aw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f5$w)
===============================================================================
  eval_x   public abstract onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  x        public abstract onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ug)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract getWindowAnimations()
  q    public abstract initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ie)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ug$_)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,int)
  b        public abstract setCheckable(boolean)
  c        public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_i   public abstract setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_z   public abstract prefersCondensedTitle()
  g        public abstract setEnabled(boolean)
  o        public abstract showsIcon()
  q        public abstract setShortcut(boolean,char)
  s        public abstract setChecked(boolean)
  x        public abstract getItemData()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperFactory (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nm)
===============================================================================
  j    public static wrapSupportSubMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu)
  p    public static wrapSupportMenuItem(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem)
  y    public static wrapSupportMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperFactory$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperICS     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j_)
===============================================================================
  add                      public add(int)
  add                      public add(int,int,int,int)
  add                      public add(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  add                      public add(java.lang.CharSequence)
  addIntentOptions         public addIntentOptions(int,int,int,android.content.ComponentName,android.content.Intent[],android.content.Intent,int,android.view.MenuItem[])
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int,int,int,int)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(java.lang.CharSequence)
  clear                    public clear()
  close                    public close()
  findItem                 public findItem(int)
  getItem                  public getItem(int)
  hasVisibleItems          public hasVisibleItems()
  isShortcutKey            public isShortcutKey(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  performIdentifierAction  public performIdentifierAction(int,int)
  performShortcut          public performShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent,int)
  removeGroup              public removeGroup(int)
  removeItem               public removeItem(int)
  setGroupCheckable        public setGroupCheckable(int,boolean,boolean)
  setGroupEnabled          public setGroupEnabled(int,boolean)
  setGroupVisible          public setGroupVisible(int,boolean)
  setQwertyMode            public setQwertyMode(boolean)
  size                     public size()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperICS$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z4)
===============================================================================
  b                public isQwertyMode()
  d                public setShortcutsVisible(boolean)
  eval_p           public getParentMenu()
  g                public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  h                public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  q                public isShortcutsVisible()
  v                public getRootMenu()
  w                dispatchMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  z                public getActionViewStatesKey()
  z                public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  getItem          public getItem()
  setHeaderIcon    public setHeaderIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setHeaderIcon    public setHeaderIcon(int)
  setHeaderTitle   public setHeaderTitle(int)
  setHeaderTitle   public setHeaderTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setHeaderView    public setHeaderView(android.view.View)
  setIcon          public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon          public setIcon(int)
  setQwertyMode    public setQwertyMode(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuWrapperICS  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q2)
===============================================================================
  eval_y           public getWrappedObject()
  clearHeader      public clearHeader()
  getItem          public getItem()
  setHeaderIcon    public setHeaderIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setHeaderIcon    public setHeaderIcon(int)
  setHeaderTitle   public setHeaderTitle(int)
  setHeaderTitle   public setHeaderTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setHeaderView    public setHeaderView(android.view.View)
  setIcon          public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon          public setIcon(int)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuWrapperICS$NullPointerException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_le)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kr)
===============================================================================
  a                        public hideOverflowMenu()
  a                        public setSplitView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  a                        public setSplitWhenNarrow(boolean)
  b                        public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  e                        public dismissPopupMenus()
  eval_e                   public isOverflowReserved()
  f                        protected positionChild(android.view.View,int,int,int,boolean)
  g                        public setSplitToolbar(boolean)
  g                        public setContentHeight(int)
  j                        public postShowOverflowMenu()
  j                        protected measureChildView(android.view.View,int,int,int)
  o                        public getContentHeight()
  p                        public showOverflowMenu()
  r                        public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  t                        public animateToVisibility(int)
  u                        public canShowOverflowMenu()
  v                        public getAnimatedVisibility()
  w                        protected static next(int,int,boolean)
  onConfigurationChanged   protected onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kr$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_f3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$VisibilityAnimListener       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kr$j)
===============================================================================
  k    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  l    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  v    public withFinalVisibility(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,int)
  z    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ct)
===============================================================================
  c                            public getAdapter()
  c                            getChildWidth(android.view.View)
  eval_u                       abstract layout(int,boolean)
  eval_w                       private initAbsSpinner()
  g                            getChildHeight(android.view.View)
  k                            public pointToPosition(int,int)
  l                            recycleAllViews()
  l                            public setAdapter(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter)
  m                            public volatile setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
  p                            static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat,android.view.View,boolean)
  s                            resetList()
  t                            setSelectionInt(int,boolean)
  y                            public getCount()
  y                            public setSelection(int)
  z                            public getSelectedView()
  z                            public setSelection(int,boolean)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState       public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState          public onSaveInstanceState()
  requestLayout                public requestLayout()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ur)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$RecycleBin   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ct$g)
===============================================================================
  g    get(int)
  s    clear()
  z    public put(int,android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ct$o)
===============================================================================
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ct$o$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState$ParseException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawable   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vf)
===============================================================================
  draw             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getOpacity       public getOpacity()
  setAlpha         public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter   public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawable$ParseException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawableV21        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_es)
===============================================================================
  getOutline   public getOutline(android.graphics.Outline)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawableV21$NullPointerException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_in)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContainer    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_z0)
===============================================================================
  b                            public setSplitBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  d                            private getMeasuredHeightWithMargins(android.view.View)
  e                            public setTabContainer(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
  k                            public setTransitioning(boolean)
  o                            public getTabContainer()
  o                            private isCollapsed(android.view.View)
  y                            public setPrimaryBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  z                            public setStackedBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  z                            public startActionModeForChild(android.view.View,android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  drawableStateChanged         protected drawableStateChanged()
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState  public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState()
  onFinishInflate              public onFinishInflate()
  onInterceptTouchEvent        public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                     public onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                    public onMeasure(int,int)
  onTouchEvent                 public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setVisibility                public setVisibility(int)
  startActionModeForChild      public startActionModeForChild(android.view.View,android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  verifyDrawable               protected verifyDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContainer$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r5)
===============================================================================
  a                                public hideOverflowMenu()
  a                                public volatile setSplitView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  a                                public volatile setSplitWhenNarrow(boolean)
  b                                public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  c                                public isTitleOptional()
  e                                public volatile dismissPopupMenus()
  eval_e                           public volatile isOverflowReserved()
  eval_g                           public closeMode()
  eval_t                           public killMode()
  eval_z                           private makeOutAnimation()
  g                                public getTitle()
  g                                public setSplitToolbar(boolean)
  g                                public setContentHeight(int)
  j                                public volatile postShowOverflowMenu()
  j                                public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  j                                public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  k                                public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  k                                public setTitleOptional(boolean)
  l                                public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  m                                private makeInAnimation()
  o                                public volatile getContentHeight()
  p                                public showOverflowMenu()
  r                                public volatile isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  s                                public getSubtitle()
  t                                public initForMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  t                                public volatile animateToVisibility(int)
  u                                public volatile canShowOverflowMenu()
  u                                public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v                                public volatile getAnimatedVisibility()
  w                                private finishAnimation()
  y                                private initTitle()
  z                                public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  onDetachedFromWindow             public onDetachedFromWindow()
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  shouldDelayChildPressedState     public shouldDelayChildPressedState()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView$1        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r5$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView$NullPointerException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ea)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wc)
===============================================================================
  a                                private getDecorToolbar(android.view.View)
  b                                public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  b                                public setWindowCallback(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback)
  b                                static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  c                                public hideOverflowMenu()
  c                                static access$002(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  d                                private removeActionBarHideOffset()
  e                                public isHideOnContentScrollEnabled()
  e                                static access$700(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  eval_a                           public hasIcon()
  eval_d                           public showOverflowMenu()
  eval_e                           public getActionBarHideOffset()
  eval_g                           public canShowOverflowMenu()
  eval_g                           public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_o                           public setShowingForActionMode(boolean)
  eval_s                           public dismissPopups()
  eval_u                           public setMenuPrepared()
  eval_v                           public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  eval_x                           public setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
  f                                private shouldHideActionBarOnFling(float,float)
  g                                public isInOverlayMode()
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  i                                private postRemoveActionBarHideOffset()
  i                                public initFeature(int)
  i                                public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j                                private addActionBarHideOffset()
  k                                public setLogo(int)
  m                                public getTitle()
  m                                public setOverlayMode(boolean)
  n                                private haltActionBarHideOffsetAnimations()
  o                                pullChildren()
  o                                static access$600(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  o                                public setUiOptions(int)
  p                                public hasLogo()
  p                                private init(android.content.Context)
  q                                public restoreToolbarHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  r                                static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  r                                private applyInsets(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect,boolean,boolean,boolean,boolean)
  s                                public setMenu(android.view.Menu,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  s                                public setActionBarHideOffset(int)
  t                                static access$102(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout,boolean)
  u                                public saveToolbarHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  u                                public setIcon(int)
  w                                static access$202(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  w                                public setHasNonEmbeddedTabs(boolean)
  y                                static access$500(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  z                                private postAddActionBarHideOffset()
  z                                public setActionBarVisibilityCallback(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  draw                             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  fitSystemWindows                 protected fitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onConfigurationChanged           protected onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onNestedFling                    public onNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  onNestedScroll                   public onNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  onNestedScrollAccepted           public onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  onStartNestedScroll              public onStartNestedScroll(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  onStopNestedScroll               public onStopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
  onWindowSystemUiVisibilityChanged    public onWindowSystemUiVisibilityChanged(int)
  onWindowVisibilityChanged        protected onWindowVisibilityChanged(int)
  shouldDelayChildPressedState     public shouldDelayChildPressedState()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wc$1)
===============================================================================
  l    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  z    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$2      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wc$2)
===============================================================================
  l    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  z    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$3      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wc$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$4      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wc$4)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wc$m)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract showForSystem()
  eval_a   public abstract onWindowVisibilityChanged(int)
  eval_f   public abstract enableContentAnimations(boolean)
  eval_g   public abstract hideForSystem()
  eval_y   public abstract onContentScrollStarted()
  j        public abstract onContentScrollStopped()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$LayoutParams   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wc$x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ParseException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6)
===============================================================================
  a        static access$300()
  b        public getIntent()
  e        public setOnChooseActivityListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$OnChooseActivityListener)
  eval__   public getHistorySize()
  eval_l   private sortActivitiesIfNeeded()
  eval_p   private persistHistoricalDataIfNeeded()
  eval_r   public getDefaultActivity()
  h        public setDefaultActivity(int)
  i        static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
  j        private readHistoricalDataImpl()
  k        private readHistoricalDataIfNeeded()
  l        private loadActivitiesIfNeeded()
  l        public static get(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  m        public getHistoryMaxSize()
  n        public setActivitySorter(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivitySorter)
  n        static access$502(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel,boolean)
  p        private ensureConsistentState()
  p        private addHisoricalRecord(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$HistoricalRecord)
  q        public getActivity(int)
  s        public setIntent(android.content.Intent)
  t        public getActivityCount()
  u        private pruneExcessiveHistoricalRecordsIfNeeded()
  v        public getActivityIndex(android.content.pm.ResolveInfo)
  v        public chooseActivity(int)
  x        static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
  y        public setHistoryMaxSize(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$1        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityChooserModelClient       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6$u)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract setActivityChooserModel(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityResolveInfo      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6$f)
===============================================================================
  d            public compareTo(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityResolveInfo)
  compareTo    public volatile compareTo(java.lang.Object)
  equals       public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode     public hashCode()
  toString     public toString()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivitySorter   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6$z)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract sort(android.content.Intent,java.util.List,java.util.List)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$DefaultSorter    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6$eval_b)
===============================================================================
  j    public sort(android.content.Intent,java.util.List,java.util.List)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$HistoricalRecord (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6$l)
===============================================================================
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$NullPointerException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ba)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$OnChooseActivityListener (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6$eval_z)
===============================================================================
  p    public abstract onChooseActivity(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$PersistHistoryAsyncTask  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p6$n)
===============================================================================
  doInBackground   public transient doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  doInBackground   public volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y3)
===============================================================================
  a                    public dismissPopup()
  a                    static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  a                    public setInitialActivityCount(int)
  c                    private updateAppearance()
  c                    public setActivityChooserModel(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
  c                    static access$900(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  d                    static access$600(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  e                    static access$1000(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  eval_s               static access$700(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  f                    public showPopup()
  g                    private getListPopupWindow()
  j                    public setExpandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  j                    static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  j                    public setDefaultActionButtonContentDescription(int)
  l                    public setProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  m                    static access$602(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView,boolean)
  p                    public setExpandActivityOverflowButtonContentDescription(int)
  t                    static access$800(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  u                    public isShowingPopup()
  x                    static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  y                    public getDataModel()
  y                    static access$500(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView,int)
  y                    public setOnDismissListener(android.widget.PopupWindow$OnDismissListener)
  y                    private showPopupUnchecked(int)
  z                    static access$1100(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  onAttachedToWindow   protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout             protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y3$1)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$2 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y3$2)
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$3 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y3$3)
===============================================================================
  b    public getPopup()
  e    protected onForwardingStarted()
  s    protected onForwardingStopped()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$4 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y3$4)
===============================================================================
  onChanged    public onChanged()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$ActivityChooserViewAdapter        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y3$g)
===============================================================================
  a                public getShowDefaultActivity()
  g                public setShowDefaultActivity(boolean,boolean)
  m                public getActivityCount()
  n                public setDataModel(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
  o                public getHistorySize()
  o                public setMaxActivityCount(int)
  s                public getDefaultActivity()
  u                public setShowFooterView(boolean)
  v                public getDataModel()
  w                public measureContentWidth()
  getCount         public getCount()
  getItem          public getItem(int)
  getItemId        public getItemId(int)
  getItemViewType  public getItemViewType(int)
  getView          public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getViewTypeCount public getViewTypeCount()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$Callbacks (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y3$a)
===============================================================================
  c            private notifyOnDismissListener()
  onClick      public onClick(android.view.View)
  onDismiss    public onDismiss()
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onLongClick  public onLongClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$Exception (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y3$b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0)
===============================================================================
  a                                public final getOnItemSelectedListener()
  a                                lookForSelectablePosition(int,boolean)
  b                                public setOnItemSelectedListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemSelectedListener)
  b                                public getPositionForView(android.view.View)
  b                                setSelectedPositionInt(int)
  c                                public abstract getAdapter()
  d                                static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat)
  e                                public setOnItemLongClickListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemLongClickListener)
  eval_j                           public getEmptyView()
  eval_l                           public getItemIdAtPosition(int)
  eval_m                           handleDataChanged()
  eval_p                           public getSelectedItem()
  eval_q                           selectionChanged()
  eval_r                           static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.os.Parcelable)
  eval_y                           checkFocus()
  eval_z                           private fireOnSelected()
  f                                isInFilterMode()
  f                                static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat)
  g                                public getLastVisiblePosition()
  i                                public performItemClick(android.view.View,int,long)
  m                                checkSelectionChanged()
  m                                public abstract setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
  m                                private updateEmptyStatus(boolean)
  p                                setNextSelectedPositionInt(int)
  q                                public getFirstVisiblePosition()
  q                                public setEmptyView(android.view.View)
  r                                rememberSyncState()
  t                                findSyncPosition()
  u                                public final getOnItemClickListener()
  v                                public getSelectedItemId()
  w                                public getSelectedItemPosition()
  w                                public setOnItemClickListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListener)
  w                                public getItemAtPosition(int)
  x                                public final getOnItemLongClickListener()
  y                                public getCount()
  y                                public abstract setSelection(int)
  z                                public abstract getSelectedView()
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,int)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  canAnimate                       protected canAnimate()
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  dispatchRestoreInstanceState     protected dispatchRestoreInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)
  dispatchSaveInstanceState        protected dispatchSaveInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  removeAllViews                   public removeAllViews()
  removeView                       public removeView(android.view.View)
  removeViewAt                     public removeViewAt(int)
  setFocusable                     public setFocusable(boolean)
  setFocusableInTouchMode          public setFocusableInTouchMode(boolean)
  setOnClickListener               public setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$AdapterContextMenuInfo      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0$l)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$AdapterDataSetObserver      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0$b)
===============================================================================
  e                public clearSavedState()
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListener (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0$c)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract onItemClick(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListenerWrapper  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0$z)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemLongClickListener     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0$o)
===============================================================================
  n    public abstract onItemLongClick(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemSelectedListener      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0$eval_x)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract onItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.view.View,int,long)
  k    public abstract onNothingSelected(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$SelectionNotifier   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_n0$q)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ha)
===============================================================================
  showAsDropDown   public showAsDropDown(android.view.View,int,int)
  showAsDropDown   public showAsDropDown(android.view.View,int,int,int)
  update           public update(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow$NullPointerException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.CompatTextView        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.CompatTextView$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ContentFrameLayout    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oe)
===============================================================================
  b    public dispatchFitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ContentFrameLayout$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__z)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorContentParent    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_c2)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract isOverflowMenuShowing()
  b        public abstract setWindowCallback(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback)
  c        public abstract hideOverflowMenu()
  eval_a   public abstract hasIcon()
  eval_d   public abstract showOverflowMenu()
  eval_g   public abstract canShowOverflowMenu()
  eval_g   public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_s   public abstract dismissPopups()
  eval_u   public abstract setMenuPrepared()
  eval_v   public abstract isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  i        public abstract initFeature(int)
  i        public abstract setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  k        public abstract setLogo(int)
  m        public abstract getTitle()
  o        public abstract setUiOptions(int)
  p        public abstract hasLogo()
  q        public abstract restoreToolbarHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  s        public abstract setMenu(android.view.Menu,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  u        public abstract saveToolbarHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  u        public abstract setIcon(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorContentParent$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__l)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorToolbar  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oh)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract hasLogo()
  a        public abstract setNavigationMode(int)
  b        public abstract getDropdownSelectedPosition()
  c        public abstract animateToVisibility(int)
  d        public abstract getViewGroup()
  d        public abstract setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  d        public abstract restoreHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  e        public abstract initIndeterminateProgress()
  e        public abstract setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval__   public abstract hasIcon()
  eval_b   public abstract isOverflowMenuShowing()
  eval_d   public abstract setDisplayOptions(int)
  eval_g   public abstract getPopupTheme()
  eval_h   public abstract getCustomView()
  eval_h   public abstract setMenuCallbacks(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  eval_i   public abstract hideOverflowMenu()
  eval_m   public abstract getMenu()
  eval_n   public abstract getContext()
  eval_q   public abstract getNavigationMode()
  eval_r   public abstract collapseActionView()
  eval_v   public abstract setSplitToolbar(boolean)
  eval_w   public abstract canSplit()
  eval_x   public abstract initProgress()
  eval_y   public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public abstract dismissPopupMenus()
  g        public abstract setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  h        public abstract hasExpandedActionView()
  i        public abstract getSubtitle()
  i        public abstract setDefaultNavigationContentDescription(int)
  j        public abstract setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  k        public abstract setMenuPrepared()
  k        public abstract saveHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  l        public abstract isSplit()
  l        public abstract setMenu(android.view.Menu,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  m        public abstract setNavigationIcon(int)
  n        public abstract setEmbeddedTabView(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
  o        public abstract getDisplayOptions()
  o        public abstract setIcon(int)
  p        public abstract getVisibility()
  p        public abstract setCollapsible(boolean)
  p        public abstract setNavigationContentDescription(int)
  q        public abstract getDropdownItemCount()
  q        public abstract setSplitWhenNarrow(boolean)
  q        public abstract setLogo(int)
  r        public abstract hasEmbeddedTabs()
  r        public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  r        public abstract setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  r        public abstract setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public abstract canShowOverflowMenu()
  s        public abstract setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t        public abstract showOverflowMenu()
  t        public abstract setWindowCallback(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback)
  t        public abstract setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  u        public abstract getTitle()
  u        public abstract setVisibility(int)
  v        public abstract isTitleTruncated()
  x        public abstract isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  x        public abstract setDefaultNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  x        public abstract setSplitView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  x        public abstract setDropdownSelectedPosition(int)
  z        public abstract getHeight()
  z        public abstract setDropdownParams(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemSelectedListener)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorToolbar$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DrawableWrapper       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_go)
===============================================================================
  l                            public getWrappedDrawable()
  p                            public setWrappedDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  draw                         public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getChangingConfigurations    public getChangingConfigurations()
  getCurrent                   public getCurrent()
  getIntrinsicHeight           public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth            public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getMinimumHeight             public getMinimumHeight()
  getMinimumWidth              public getMinimumWidth()
  getOpacity                   public getOpacity()
  getPadding                   public getPadding(android.graphics.Rect)
  getState                     public getState()
  getTransparentRegion         public getTransparentRegion()
  invalidateDrawable           public invalidateDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  isAutoMirrored               public isAutoMirrored()
  isStateful                   public isStateful()
  jumpToCurrentState           public jumpToCurrentState()
  onLevelChange                protected onLevelChange(int)
  scheduleDrawable             public scheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  setAlpha                     public setAlpha(int)
  setAutoMirrored              public setAutoMirrored(boolean)
  setBounds                    public setBounds(int,int,int,int)
  setChangingConfigurations    public setChangingConfigurations(int)
  setColorFilter               public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  setDither                    public setDither(boolean)
  setFilterBitmap              public setFilterBitmap(boolean)
  setHotspot                   public setHotspot(float,float)
  setHotspotBounds             public setHotspotBounds(int,int,int,int)
  setState                     public setState(int[])
  setTint                      public setTint(int)
  setTintList                  public setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  setTintMode                  public setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean,boolean)
  unscheduleDrawable           public unscheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DrawableWrapper$NullPointerException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r8)
===============================================================================
  p                public setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
  fitSystemWindows protected fitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wg)
===============================================================================
  p                public setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
  fitSystemWindows protected fitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout$ParseException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ll)
===============================================================================
  p    public abstract setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$Exception (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ll$k)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract onFitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x5)
===============================================================================
  a                    protected drawSelectorCompat(android.graphics.Canvas)
  c                    protected positionSelectorLikeFocusCompat(int,android.view.View)
  eval_t               protected touchModeDrawsInPressedStateCompat()
  g                    protected positionSelectorCompat(int,android.view.View)
  j                    protected updateSelectorStateCompat()
  n                    protected positionSelectorLikeTouchCompat(int,android.view.View,float,float)
  t                    public measureHeightOfChildrenCompat(int,int,int,int,int)
  x                    protected shouldShowSelectorCompat()
  y                    public lookForSelectablePosition(int,boolean)
  z                    protected setSelectorEnabled(boolean)
  dispatchDraw         protected dispatchDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawableStateChanged protected drawableStateChanged()
  setSelector          public setSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat$GateKeeperDrawable     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x5$r)
===============================================================================
  u                setEnabled(boolean)
  draw             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  setHotspot       public setHotspot(float,float)
  setHotspotBounds public setHotspotBounds(int,int,int,int)
  setState         public setState(int[])
  setVisible       public setVisible(boolean,boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uf)
===============================================================================
  g                        public setActionModeForChildListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout$OnActionModeForChildListener)
  startActionModeForChild  public startActionModeForChild(android.view.View,android.view.ActionMode$Callback)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout$OnActionModeForChildListener      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uf$o)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract startActionModeForChild(android.view.View,android.view.ActionMode$Callback)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout$ParseException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ResourcesWrapper      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vs)
===============================================================================
  getAnimation             public getAnimation(int)
  getBoolean               public getBoolean(int)
  getColor                 public getColor(int)
  getColorStateList        public getColorStateList(int)
  getConfiguration         public getConfiguration()
  getDimension             public getDimension(int)
  getDimensionPixelOffset  public getDimensionPixelOffset(int)
  getDimensionPixelSize    public getDimensionPixelSize(int)
  getDisplayMetrics        public getDisplayMetrics()
  getDrawable              public getDrawable(int)
  getDrawable              public getDrawable(int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  getDrawableForDensity    public getDrawableForDensity(int,int)
  getDrawableForDensity    public getDrawableForDensity(int,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  getFraction              public getFraction(int,int,int)
  getIdentifier            public getIdentifier(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  getIntArray              public getIntArray(int)
  getInteger               public getInteger(int)
  getLayout                public getLayout(int)
  getMovie                 public getMovie(int)
  getQuantityString        public getQuantityString(int,int)
  getQuantityString        public transient getQuantityString(int,int,java.lang.Object[])
  getQuantityText          public getQuantityText(int,int)
  getResourceEntryName     public getResourceEntryName(int)
  getResourceName          public getResourceName(int)
  getResourcePackageName   public getResourcePackageName(int)
  getResourceTypeName      public getResourceTypeName(int)
  getString                public getString(int)
  getString                public transient getString(int,java.lang.Object[])
  getStringArray           public getStringArray(int)
  getText                  public getText(int)
  getText                  public getText(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  getTextArray             public getTextArray(int)
  getValue                 public getValue(int,android.util.TypedValue,boolean)
  getValue                 public getValue(java.lang.String,android.util.TypedValue,boolean)
  getValueForDensity       public getValueForDensity(int,int,android.util.TypedValue,boolean)
  getXml                   public getXml(int)
  obtainAttributes         public obtainAttributes(android.util.AttributeSet,int[])
  obtainTypedArray         public obtainTypedArray(int)
  openRawResource          public openRawResource(int)
  openRawResource          public openRawResource(int,android.util.TypedValue)
  openRawResourceFd        public openRawResourceFd(int)
  parseBundleExtra         public parseBundleExtra(java.lang.String,android.util.AttributeSet,android.os.Bundle)
  parseBundleExtras        public parseBundleExtras(android.content.res.XmlResourceParser,android.os.Bundle)
  updateConfiguration      public updateConfiguration(android.content.res.Configuration,android.util.DisplayMetrics)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ResourcesWrapper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.RtlSpacingHelper      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eb)
===============================================================================
  a    public getLeft()
  c    public setDirection(boolean)
  f    public setAbsolute(int,int)
  i    public getEnd()
  r    public getStart()
  y    public getRight()
  z    public setRelative(int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.RtlSpacingHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wh)
===============================================================================
  a                        public setContentHeight(int)
  b                        public setAllowCollapse(boolean)
  c                        public animateToTab(int)
  e                        private createTabView(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  e                        public onItemClick(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.view.View,int,long)
  eval_e                   static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
  eval_v                   public removeTabAt(int)
  h                        private createSpinner()
  j                        private createTabLayout()
  m                        private performCollapse()
  n                        private isCollapsed()
  o                        public removeAllTabs()
  o                        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int,boolean)
  p                        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  p                        public updateTab(int)
  s                        private performExpand()
  s                        static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  s                        public setTabSelected(int)
  x                        public animateToVisibility(int)
  onAttachedToWindow       public onAttachedToWindow()
  onConfigurationChanged   protected onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onDetachedFromWindow     public onDetachedFromWindow()
  onMeasure                public onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wh$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$NullPointerException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabAdapter  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wh$_)
===============================================================================
  getCount     public getCount()
  getItem      public getItem(int)
  getItemId    public getItemId(int)
  getView      public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabClickListener    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wh$b)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabView     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wh$eval_l)
===============================================================================
  i                                public getTab()
  k                                public bindTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  w                                public update()
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onLongClick                      public onLongClick(android.view.View)
  onMeasure                        public onMeasure(int,int)
  setSelected                      public setSelected(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$VisibilityAnimListener      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wh$s)
===============================================================================
  k    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  l    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  w    public withFinalVisibility(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,int)
  z    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex)
===============================================================================
  a                        public setDropDownHorizontalOffset(int)
  d                        public getPrompt()
  e                        public setPromptId(int)
  e                        public setPrompt(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_f                   public getDropDownWidth()
  eval_k                   public getDropDownVerticalOffset()
  eval_r                   public getPopupBackground()
  eval_u                   layout(int,boolean)
  eval_z                   public setPopupBackgroundResource(int)
  g                        static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat)
  g                        public setGravity(int)
  h                        private setUpChild(android.view.View,boolean)
  i                        public getDropDownHorizontalOffset()
  j                        setOnItemClickListenerInt(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListener)
  j                        private makeView(int,boolean)
  l                        public setAdapter(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter)
  m                        public volatile setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
  m                        public setDropDownVerticalOffset(int)
  v                        measureContentWidth(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v                        public setDropDownWidth(int)
  w                        public setOnItemClickListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListener)
  w                        static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat)
  z                        public setPopupBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  getBaseline              public getBaseline()
  onClick                  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
  onDetachedFromWindow     protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout                 protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState   public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState      public onSaveInstanceState()
  onTouchEvent             public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  performClick             public performClick()
  setEnabled               public setEnabled(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$1)
===============================================================================
  b    public getPopup()
  e    public onForwardingStarted()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$2       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$2)
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DialogPopup     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$l)
===============================================================================
  eval_f   public getHorizontalOffset()
  f        public setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  h        public isShowing()
  j        public setVerticalOffset(int)
  k        public getHintText()
  m        public getVerticalOffset()
  o        public dismiss()
  r        public show()
  u        public getBackground()
  w        public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  y        public setHorizontalOffset(int)
  z        public setPromptText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropDownAdapter (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$b)
===============================================================================
  areAllItemsEnabled           public areAllItemsEnabled()
  getCount                     public getCount()
  getDropDownView              public getDropDownView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getItem                      public getItem(int)
  getItemId                    public getItemId(int)
  getItemViewType              public getItemViewType(int)
  getView                      public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getViewTypeCount             public getViewTypeCount()
  hasStableIds                 public hasStableIds()
  isEmpty                      public isEmpty()
  isEnabled                    public isEnabled(int)
  registerDataSetObserver      public registerDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)
  unregisterDataSetObserver    public unregisterDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$a)
===============================================================================
  f    public setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  k    public getHintText()
  p    static access$501(android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup)
  q    computeContentWidth()
  q    static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup)
  q    public show(int,int)
  z    public setPromptText(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$a$1)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$2 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$a$2)
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$3 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$a$3)
===============================================================================
  onDismiss    public onDismiss()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$ParseException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$j)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState$1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$j$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState$Exception    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ey)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SpinnerPopup    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ex$x)
===============================================================================
  eval_f   public abstract getHorizontalOffset()
  f        public abstract setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  h        public abstract isShowing()
  j        public abstract setVerticalOffset(int)
  k        public abstract getHintText()
  m        public abstract getVerticalOffset()
  o        public abstract dismiss()
  r        public abstract show()
  u        public abstract getBackground()
  w        public abstract setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  y        public abstract setHorizontalOffset(int)
  z        public abstract setPromptText(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintAutoCompleteTextView      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_if)
===============================================================================
  setDropDownBackgroundResource    public setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintAutoCompleteTextView$Exception    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ih)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintButton    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wo)
===============================================================================
  setBackgroundResource    public setBackgroundResource(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintButton$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckBox  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ev)
===============================================================================
  setButtonDrawable    public setButtonDrawable(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckBox$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckedTextView   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ny)
===============================================================================
  setCheckMarkDrawable public setCheckMarkDrawable(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckedTextView$Exception (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintDrawableWrapper   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qc)
===============================================================================
  u            private updateTint(int[])
  isStateful   public isStateful()
  setState     public setState(int[])

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintDrawableWrapper$Exception (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_rb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintEditText  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintEditText$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintImageView (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o6)
===============================================================================
  setImageResource public setImageResource(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintImageView$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uw)
===============================================================================
  c    getThemeAttrColor(int,float)
  g    public getDrawable(int)
  j    private static isInTintList(int)
  k    private getDefaultColorStateList()
  k    private static arrayContains(int[],int)
  n    public static getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)
  o    private getButtonColorStateList()
  p    private getSwitchThumbColorStateList()
  s    getDisabledThemeAttrColor(int)
  t    tintDrawable(int,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v    getThemeAttrColor(int)
  y    private getSwitchTrackColorStateList()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_st)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager$ColorFilterLruCache       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uw$i)
===============================================================================
  t    private static generateCacheKey(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  y    get(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  z    put(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode,android.graphics.PorterDuffColorFilter)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintMultiAutoCompleteTextView (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l5)
===============================================================================
  setDropDownBackgroundResource    public setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintMultiAutoCompleteTextView$Exception       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRadioButton       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qg)
===============================================================================
  setButtonDrawable    public setButtonDrawable(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRadioButton$NullPointerException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRatingBar (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qf)
===============================================================================
  j            private tileify(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  m            private getDrawableShape()
  x            private tileifyIndeterminate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  onMeasure    protected synchronized onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRatingBar$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ux)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintResources (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zd)
===============================================================================
  getDrawable  public getDrawable(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintResources$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintSpinner   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yj)
===============================================================================
  e    private static setPopupBackgroundDrawableV11(android.widget.Spinner,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintSpinner$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ub)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintTypedArray        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b8)
===============================================================================
  a        public getText(int)
  d        public hasValue(int)
  d        public getFloat(int,float)
  d        public getLayoutDimension(int,java.lang.String)
  eval_a   public getString(int)
  eval_e   public static obtainStyledAttributes(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int[])
  eval_h   public getChangingConfigurations()
  eval_n   public getIndexCount()
  eval_q   public getTextArray(int)
  eval_v   public getNonResourceString(int)
  j        public getColorStateList(int)
  j        public getDimensionPixelOffset(int,int)
  l        public length()
  l        public getDimensionPixelSize(int,int)
  m        public recycle()
  n        public getResources()
  o        public getIndex(int)
  o        public getDimension(int,float)
  o        public getFraction(int,int,int,float)
  p        public getPositionDescription()
  p        public getResourceId(int,int)
  r        public peekValue(int)
  r        public getInteger(int,int)
  t        public getTintManager()
  t        public getType(int)
  t        public getValue(int,android.util.TypedValue)
  u        public getDrawable(int)
  w        public getInt(int,int)
  x        public getColor(int,int)
  y        public static obtainStyledAttributes(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int[],int,int)
  y        public getBoolean(int,boolean)
  y        public getLayoutDimension(int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintTypedArray$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ro)
===============================================================================
  a        public hasLogo()
  a        public setNavigationMode(int)
  b        public getDropdownSelectedPosition()
  c        public animateToVisibility(int)
  d        public getViewGroup()
  d        public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  d        public restoreHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  e        public initIndeterminateProgress()
  e        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval__   public hasIcon()
  eval_a   private updateNavigationIcon()
  eval_b   public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  eval_d   private ensureSpinner()
  eval_d   public setDisplayOptions(int)
  eval_g   public getPopupTheme()
  eval_h   public getCustomView()
  eval_h   public setMenuCallbacks(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  eval_h   static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper)
  eval_i   public hideOverflowMenu()
  eval_l   private updateHomeAccessibility()
  eval_m   public getMenu()
  eval_n   public getContext()
  eval_q   public getNavigationMode()
  eval_r   public collapseActionView()
  eval_v   public setSplitToolbar(boolean)
  eval_w   public canSplit()
  eval_x   public initProgress()
  eval_y   private updateToolbarLogo()
  eval_y   public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public dismissPopupMenus()
  g        public setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  h        public hasExpandedActionView()
  i        public getSubtitle()
  i        public setDefaultNavigationContentDescription(int)
  j        private detectDisplayOptions()
  j        public setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  k        public setMenuPrepared()
  k        static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper)
  k        public saveHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  l        public isSplit()
  l        public setMenu(android.view.Menu,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  m        static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper)
  m        public setNavigationIcon(int)
  n        public setEmbeddedTabView(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
  n        private setTitleInt(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public getDisplayOptions()
  o        public setIcon(int)
  p        public getVisibility()
  p        public setCollapsible(boolean)
  p        public setNavigationContentDescription(int)
  q        public getDropdownItemCount()
  q        static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper)
  q        public setSplitWhenNarrow(boolean)
  q        public setLogo(int)
  r        public hasEmbeddedTabs()
  r        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  r        public setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  r        public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public canShowOverflowMenu()
  s        public setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t        public showOverflowMenu()
  t        public setWindowCallback(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback)
  t        public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  u        public getTitle()
  u        public setVisibility(int)
  v        public isTitleTruncated()
  x        public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  x        public setDefaultNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  x        public setSplitView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  x        public setDropdownSelectedPosition(int)
  z        public getHeight()
  z        public setDropdownParams(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemSelectedListener)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$1        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ro$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$2        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ro$2)
===============================================================================
  l    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  z    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$3        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ro$3)
===============================================================================
  k    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$NullPointerException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xa)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__q)
===============================================================================
  e                public getLayoutResource()
  g                public setLayoutResource(int)
  j                public getInflatedId()
  m                public inflate()
  q                public setOnInflateListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener)
  t                public setInflatedId(int)
  v                public setLayoutInflater(android.view.LayoutInflater)
  w                public getLayoutInflater()
  dispatchDraw     protected dispatchDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  draw             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onMeasure        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  setVisibility    public setVisibility(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ja)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__q$t)
===============================================================================
  v    public abstract onInflate(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat,android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewUtils     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h_)
===============================================================================
  h    public static makeOptionalFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  i    public static combineMeasuredStates(int,int)
  m    public static isLayoutRtl(android.view.View)
  v    public static computeFitSystemWindows(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewUtils$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.recyclerview.BuildConfig      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_l8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.recyclerview.BuildConfig$IOException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.ActionMode       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wq)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View)
  b        public abstract setTitle(int)
  c        public abstract invalidate()
  d        public getTitleOptionalHint()
  e        public abstract setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_d   public getTag()
  eval_e   public abstract getCustomView()
  h        public abstract getMenuInflater()
  h        public abstract setSubtitle(int)
  i        public isUiFocusable()
  j        public abstract getMenu()
  m        public setTag(java.lang.Object)
  q        public setTitleOptionalHint(boolean)
  r        public abstract finish()
  u        public abstract getTitle()
  v        public abstract setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  x        public isTitleOptional()
  y        public abstract getSubtitle()

android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wq$b)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract onActionItemClicked(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.MenuItem)
  n    public abstract onDestroyActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  v    public abstract onPrepareActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)
  y    public abstract onCreateActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Exception     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.CollapsibleActionView    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sr)
===============================================================================
  r    public abstract onActionViewCollapsed()
  t    public abstract onActionViewExpanded()

android.support.v7.view.CollapsibleActionView$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee)
===============================================================================
  a        public hideOverflowMenu()
  a        static access$302(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter,android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OpenOverflowRunnable)
  b        static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  c        public showOverflowMenu()
  c        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  c        static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  c        public shouldIncludeItem(int,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  d        public setWidthLimit(int,boolean)
  eval_b   static access$700(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  eval_c   public onSaveInstanceState()
  eval_o   public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  f        public isOverflowReserved()
  f        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  f        public getItemView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  g        public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  g        public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  g        public filterLeftoverView(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  h        static access$800(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  i        static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  i        static access$202(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter,android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowPopup)
  i        public setItemLimit(int)
  j        static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  k        public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  k        public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  m        public setReserveOverflow(boolean)
  o        private findViewForItem(android.view.MenuItem)
  o        public onSubUiVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  r        public bindItemView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView)
  s        public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  s        public updateMenuView(boolean)
  t        public hideSubMenus()
  v        public flagActionItems()
  v        static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  v        static access$702(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter,android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionButtonSubmenu)
  w        public dismissPopupMenus()
  x        static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  x        public setExpandedActionViewsExclusive(boolean)
  z        public setMenuView(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$1  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionButtonSubmenu        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$c)
===============================================================================
  onDismiss    public onDismiss()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionMenuPopupCallback    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$z)
===============================================================================
  f    public getPopup()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OpenOverflowRunnable       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$n)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$eval_e)
===============================================================================
  d            public needsDividerBefore()
  eval_b       public needsDividerAfter()
  performClick public performClick()
  setFrame     protected setFrame(int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$eval_e$1)
===============================================================================
  b    public getPopup()
  e    public onForwardingStarted()
  s    public onForwardingStopped()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton$Exception       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_j4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowPopup      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$w)
===============================================================================
  onDismiss    public onDismiss()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$PopupPresenterCallback     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$_)
===============================================================================
  eval_x   public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  x        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$eval_z)
===============================================================================
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ee$eval_z$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_v6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fy)
===============================================================================
  b                                public peekMenu()
  b                                public setMenuCallbacks(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  b                                public setPopupTheme(int)
  d                                public getMenu()
  e                                public hideOverflowMenu()
  eval_d                           public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  eval_p                           public getPopupTheme()
  eval_q                           public generateOverflowButtonLayoutParams()
  eval_u                           public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  eval_x                           private onMeasureExactFormat(int,int)
  f                                public showOverflowMenu()
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  h                                protected hasSupportDividerBeforeChildAt(int)
  j                                public invokeItem(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  k                                public getWindowAnimations()
  m                                public setPresenter(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  m                                public setOverflowReserved(boolean)
  p                                public setExpandedActionViewsExclusive(boolean)
  q                                public initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  r                                public isOverflowReserved()
  t                                static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView)
  v                                static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView)
  w                                static measureChildForCells(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  x                                public dismissPopupMenus()
  x                                public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected volatile generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onConfigurationChanged           public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onDetachedFromWindow             public onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fy$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$ActionMenuChildView     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fy$t)
===============================================================================
  d        public abstract needsDividerBefore()
  eval_b   public abstract needsDividerAfter()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$ActionMenuPresenterCallback     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fy$e)
===============================================================================
  eval_x   public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  x        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$LayoutParams    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fy$v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$MenuBuilderCallback     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fy$d)
===============================================================================
  c    public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  w    public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$NullPointerException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fy$x)
===============================================================================
  x    public abstract onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q8)
===============================================================================
  a        findPositionOffset(int,int)
  c        onItemRangeInserted(int,int)
  d        private applyMove(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  eval_m   consumeUpdatesInOnePass()
  eval_x   consumePostponedUpdates()
  g        dispatchFirstPassAndUpdateViewHolders(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp,int)
  g        findPositionOffset(int)
  h        private postponeAndUpdateViewHolders(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  i        onItemRangeRemoved(int,int)
  k        public recycleUpdateOp(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  k        onItemRangeChanged(int,int)
  k        recycleUpdateOpsAndClearList(java.util.List)
  l        private updatePositionWithPostponed(int,int)
  m        private canFindInPreLayout(int)
  o        transient addUpdateOp(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp[])
  p        private applyAdd(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  v        preProcess()
  v        private applyUpdate(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  v        onItemRangeMoved(int,int,int)
  w        hasPendingUpdates()
  w        public obtainUpdateOp(int,int,int)
  x        private applyRemove(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  y        reset()
  z        private dispatchAndUpdateViewHolders(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)

android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$Callback (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q8$y)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract onDispatchSecondPass(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  eval_d   public abstract offsetPositionsForAdd(int,int)
  h        public abstract markViewHoldersUpdated(int,int)
  l        public abstract offsetPositionsForRemovingLaidOutOrNewView(int,int)
  o        public abstract findViewHolder(int)
  q        public abstract offsetPositionsForRemovingInvisible(int,int)
  r        public abstract onDispatchFirstPass(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  r        public abstract offsetPositionsForMove(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$Exception        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q8$m)
===============================================================================
  u        cmdToString()
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.CardView       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_s0)
===============================================================================
  a                    public setContentPadding(int,int,int,int)
  b                    public setShadowPadding(int,int,int,int)
  d                    public setRadius(float)
  eval_k               public getPreventCornerOverlap()
  eval_v               public setCardBackgroundColor(int)
  eval_x               public getMaxCardElevation()
  g                    public getUseCompatPadding()
  h                    public getCardElevation()
  i                    public getContentPaddingLeft()
  j                    public setPreventCornerOverlap(boolean)
  k                    public setUseCompatPadding(boolean)
  m                    public getContentPaddingBottom()
  o                    public getContentPaddingTop()
  q                    public setCardElevation(float)
  v                    public getRadius()
  x                    public getContentPaddingRight()
  x                    private initialize(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
  y                    public setMaxCardElevation(float)
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)
  setPadding           public setPadding(int,int,int,int)
  setPaddingRelative   public setPaddingRelative(int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.CardView$Exception     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.CardViewApi21  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ot)
===============================================================================
  a        public setRadius(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate,float)
  b        public setElevation(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate,float)
  eval_h   public onCompatPaddingChanged(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  g        public getRadius(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  i        public onPreventCornerOverlapChanged(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  i        public setMaxElevation(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate,float)
  k        public setBackgroundColor(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate,int)
  l        public getElevation(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  m        public initStatic()
  p        public updatePadding(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  s        public initialize(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate,android.content.Context,int,float,float,float)
  t        public getMinWidth(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  u        public getMaxElevation(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  v        public getMinHeight(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)

android.support.v7.widget.CardViewApi21$Exception        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q1)
===============================================================================
  b                public abstract setShadowPadding(int,int,int,int)
  eval_k           public abstract getPreventCornerOverlap()
  g                public abstract getUseCompatPadding()
  s                public abstract setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v                public abstract getRadius()
  getBackground    public abstract getBackground()

android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate$ParseException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.CardViewEclairMr1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qr)
===============================================================================
  a        public setRadius(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate,float)
  b        public setElevation(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate,float)
  eval_h   public onCompatPaddingChanged(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  g        public getRadius(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  i        public onPreventCornerOverlapChanged(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  i        public setMaxElevation(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate,float)
  k        public setBackgroundColor(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate,int)
  l        public getElevation(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  m        public initStatic()
  n        private getShadowBackground(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  p        public updatePadding(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  s        public initialize(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate,android.content.Context,int,float,float,float)
  t        public getMinWidth(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  u        public getMaxElevation(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  v        public getMinHeight(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  y        createBackground(android.content.Context,int,float,float,float)

android.support.v7.widget.CardViewEclairMr1$1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qr$1)
===============================================================================
  y    public drawRoundRect(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.RectF,float,android.graphics.Paint)

android.support.v7.widget.CardViewEclairMr1$IOException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ig)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.CardViewImpl   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_gk)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract setRadius(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate,float)
  b        public abstract setElevation(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate,float)
  eval_h   public abstract onCompatPaddingChanged(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  g        public abstract getRadius(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  i        public abstract onPreventCornerOverlapChanged(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  i        public abstract setMaxElevation(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate,float)
  k        public abstract setBackgroundColor(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate,int)
  l        public abstract getElevation(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  m        public abstract initStatic()
  p        public abstract updatePadding(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  s        public abstract initialize(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate,android.content.Context,int,float,float,float)
  t        public abstract getMinWidth(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  u        public abstract getMaxElevation(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)
  v        public abstract getMinHeight(android.support.v7.widget.CardViewDelegate)

android.support.v7.widget.CardViewImpl$IOException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ek)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.CardViewJellybeanMr1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ka)
===============================================================================
  m    public initStatic()

android.support.v7.widget.CardViewJellybeanMr1$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ka$1)
===============================================================================
  y    public drawRoundRect(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.RectF,float,android.graphics.Paint)

android.support.v7.widget.CardViewJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_m6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ChildHelper    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lk)
===============================================================================
  a        getUnfilteredChildAt(int)
  b        removeView(android.view.View)
  d        removeAllViewsUnfiltered()
  d        isHidden(android.view.View)
  eval_k   hide(android.view.View)
  f        addView(android.view.View,int,boolean)
  f        removeViewAt(int)
  h        addView(android.view.View,boolean)
  n        detachViewFromParent(int)
  n        findHiddenNonRemovedView(int,int)
  o        getUnfilteredChildCount()
  p        private getOffset(int)
  r        getChildCount()
  s        indexOfChild(android.view.View)
  x        getChildAt(int)
  y        removeViewIfHidden(android.view.View)
  z        attachViewToParent(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams,boolean)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.ChildHelper$Bucket     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lk$g)
===============================================================================
  a        insert(int,boolean)
  b        get(int)
  eval_d   countOnesBefore(int)
  l        remove(int)
  n        clear(int)
  o        private ensureNext()
  o        set(int)
  s        reset()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.ChildHelper$Callback   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lk$o)
===============================================================================
  e        public abstract getChildViewHolder(android.view.View)
  eval_a   public abstract getChildAt(int)
  eval_i   public abstract removeAllViews()
  i        public abstract indexOfChild(android.view.View)
  i        public abstract removeViewAt(int)
  k        public abstract addView(android.view.View,int)
  k        public abstract detachViewFromParent(int)
  n        public abstract attachViewToParent(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  x        public abstract getChildCount()

android.support.v7.widget.ChildHelper$ParseException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an)
===============================================================================
  a        public animateChange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int,int,int,int)
  a        public animateMove(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int,int,int,int)
  d        static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  e        static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator)
  eval__   public animateAdd(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_c   static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator)
  eval_z   private animateAddImpl(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  g        static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int,int,int,int)
  h        private animateRemoveImpl(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  h        private animateMoveImpl(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int,int,int,int)
  i        public endAnimations()
  j        private dispatchFinishedWhenDone()
  j        static access$700(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator)
  j        private endChangeAnimation(java.util.List,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  l        static access$1100(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator)
  l        private endChangeAnimationIfNecessary(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$ChangeInfo)
  p        public isRunning()
  p        private animateChangeImpl(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$ChangeInfo)
  p        static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator,android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$ChangeInfo)
  q        static access$800(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator)
  q        private endChangeAnimationIfNecessary(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$ChangeInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  q        public endAnimation(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  u        static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator)
  u        public animateRemove(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  v        cancelAll(java.util.List)
  w        public runPendingAnimations()
  w        static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator)
  y        static access$1300(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator)

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$1  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$2  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$3  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$4  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$4)
===============================================================================
  k    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  z    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$5  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$5)
===============================================================================
  k    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  l    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  z    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$6  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$6)
===============================================================================
  k    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  l    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  z    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$7  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$7)
===============================================================================
  k    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  z    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$8  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$8)
===============================================================================
  k    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  z    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$ChangeInfo (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$w)
===============================================================================
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$MoveInfo   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$VpaListenerAdapter (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_an$a)
===============================================================================
  k    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  l    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  z    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__n)
===============================================================================
  a        private updateMeasurements()
  a        public setSpanSizeLookup(android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$SpanSizeLookup)
  c        public getRowCountForAccessibility(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  c        onAnchorReady(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  c        public onItemsUpdated(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  c        public generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  d        public getSpanSizeLookup()
  d        public onItemsAdded(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  e        public generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  e        private getSpanSize(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  eval_g   public getSpanCount()
  eval_m   private cachePreLayoutSpanMapping()
  eval_t   private clearPreLayoutSpanMappingCache()
  f        private getSpanIndex(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  f        public onItemsRemoved(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  h        public onItemsChanged(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  k        public checkLayoutParams(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutParams)
  k        private getMainDirSpec(int)
  l        public supportsPredictiveItemAnimations()
  m        public generateLayoutParams(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  m        public getColumnCountForAccessibility(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  n        private getSpanGroupIndex(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  o        private updateSpecWithExtra(int,int,int)
  q        public onLayoutChildren(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  q        private measureChildWithDecorationsAndMargin(android.view.View,int,int)
  r        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfoForItem(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  v        private ensureAnchorIsInFirstSpan(android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  v        layoutChunk(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutState,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutChunkResult)
  v        private assignSpans(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int,int,boolean)
  v        public setStackFromEnd(boolean)
  v        public setSpanCount(int)
  y        public onItemsMoved(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$DefaultSpanSizeLookup        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__n$s)
===============================================================================
  a    public getSpanIndex(int,int)
  e    public getSpanSize(int)

android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$IOException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$LayoutParams (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__n$d)
===============================================================================
  a        public getSpanIndex()
  eval_s   static access$002(android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$LayoutParams,int)
  i        static access$102(android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$LayoutParams,int)
  r        public getSpanSize()
  u        static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$LayoutParams)
  y        static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$LayoutParams)

android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$SpanSizeLookup       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__n$h)
===============================================================================
  a        public setSpanIndexCacheEnabled(boolean)
  a        public getSpanIndex(int,int)
  e        public isSpanIndexCacheEnabled()
  e        public abstract getSpanSize(int)
  eval_o   getCachedSpanIndex(int,int)
  q        findReferenceIndexFromCache(int)
  t        public invalidateSpanIndexCache()
  t        public getSpanGroupIndex(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.LayoutState    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h6)
===============================================================================
  a    hasMore(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  q    next(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)

android.support.v7.widget.LayoutState$ParseException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_is)
===============================================================================
  eval_a                           public isMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled()
  eval_g                           public setVerticalGravity(int)
  eval_h                           public getOrientation()
  eval_h                           protected hasDividerBeforeChildAt(int)
  eval_r                           public setOrientation(int)
  eval_w                           private forceUniformHeight(int,int)
  eval_x                           public getWeightSum()
  f                                getVirtualChildAt(int)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  h                                public getBaselineAlignedChildIndex()
  i                                measureVertical(int,int)
  j                                public getDividerDrawable()
  k                                public setBaselineAlignedChildIndex(int)
  k                                layoutHorizontal(int,int,int,int)
  l                                getVirtualChildCount()
  m                                public setWeightSum(float)
  n                                public getDividerWidth()
  o                                public isBaselineAligned()
  o                                public setDividerDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  o                                public setHorizontalGravity(int)
  p                                measureChildBeforeLayout(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int)
  p                                public setGravity(int)
  q                                public getShowDividers()
  q                                drawDividersHorizontal(android.graphics.Canvas)
  q                                getLocationOffset(android.view.View)
  q                                public setBaselineAligned(boolean)
  r                                drawHorizontalDivider(android.graphics.Canvas,int)
  s                                public setDividerPadding(int)
  s                                measureHorizontal(int,int)
  s                                layoutVertical(int,int,int,int)
  t                                drawVerticalDivider(android.graphics.Canvas,int)
  t                                getChildrenSkipCount(android.view.View,int)
  t                                public setShowDividers(int)
  u                                public getDividerPadding()
  u                                private forceUniformWidth(int,int)
  y                                drawDividersVertical(android.graphics.Canvas)
  y                                measureNullChild(int)
  z                                getNextLocationOffset(android.view.View)
  z                                private setChildFrame(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  z                                public setMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled(boolean)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected volatile generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  getBaseline                      public getBaseline()
  onDraw                           protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  shouldDelayChildPressedState     public shouldDelayChildPressedState()

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$DividerMode (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_is$x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$LayoutParams        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_is$i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$OrientationMode     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_is$n)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o9)
===============================================================================
  b        public getOrientation()
  b        private recycleViewsFromEnd(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,int)
  b        public computeScrollVectorForPosition(int)
  c        onAnchorReady(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  d        private resolveShouldLayoutReverse()
  d        public findViewByPosition(int)
  e        public generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  e        private updateAnchorFromChildren(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  e        public smoothScrollToPosition(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  e        public assertNotInLayoutOrScroll(java.lang.String)
  eval_d   private getChildClosestToStart()
  eval_d   private findReferenceChildClosestToStart(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_g   private logChildren()
  eval_h   public canScrollHorizontally()
  eval_k   protected isLayoutRTL()
  eval_m   private findFirstReferenceChild(int)
  eval_o   public onSaveInstanceState()
  eval_q   public getReverseLayout()
  eval_q   public computeHorizontalScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_r   public computeVerticalScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_t   private getChildClosestToEnd()
  eval_t   private findReferenceChildClosestToEnd(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_u   private convertFocusDirectionToLayoutDirection(int)
  eval_w   public findLastCompletelyVisibleItemPosition()
  eval_y   public scrollVerticallyBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  f        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  f        public scrollHorizontallyBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  f        private updateLayoutState(int,int,boolean,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  g        public getRecycleChildrenOnDetach()
  g        private recycleViewsFromStart(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,int)
  g        public computeHorizontalScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  h        public setOrientation(int)
  h        private updateLayoutStateToFillStart(int,int)
  i        public getStackFromEnd()
  i        protected getExtraLayoutSpace(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  i        findOneVisibleChild(int,int,boolean)
  j        ensureLayoutState()
  j        private findReferenceChild(int,int,int)
  k        public computeVerticalScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  l        public supportsPredictiveItemAnimations()
  l        private computeScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  n        private recycleByLayoutState(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutState)
  n        private recycleChildren(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,int,int)
  n        public scrollToPositionWithOffset(int,int)
  o        validateChildOrder()
  o        private updateLayoutStateToFillEnd(android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  p        public findLastVisibleItemPosition()
  p        private computeScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  p        public setSmoothScrollbarEnabled(boolean)
  q        public findFirstVisibleItemPosition()
  q        fill(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutState,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  q        public onLayoutChildren(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  r        public onFocusSearchFailed(android.view.View,int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  s        private fixLayoutStartGap(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  t        private updateLayoutStateToFillStart(android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  t        public scrollToPosition(int)
  u        private updateAnchorInfoForLayout(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  u        public setReverseLayout(boolean)
  v        public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  v        layoutChunk(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutState,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutChunkResult)
  v        private layoutForPredictiveAnimations(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int,int)
  v        public computeHorizontalScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  v        public setStackFromEnd(boolean)
  v        private findLastReferenceChild(int)
  v        private updateLayoutStateToFillEnd(int,int)
  w        public isSmoothScrollbarEnabled()
  w        public computeVerticalScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  w        scrollBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  w        private fixLayoutEndGap(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  x        public findFirstCompletelyVisibleItemPosition()
  x        private updateAnchorFromPendingData(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  x        public onDetachedFromWindow(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  y        public canScrollVertically()
  y        private computeScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  z        public setRecycleChildrenOnDetach(boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$1  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o9$1)
===============================================================================
  p    public computeScrollVectorForPosition(int)

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o9$f)
===============================================================================
  eval_z   public assignFromView(android.view.View)
  l        assignCoordinateFromPadding()
  o        reset()
  v        public assignFromViewIfValid(android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutChunkResult  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o9$a)
===============================================================================
  o    resetInternal()

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutState        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o9$c)
===============================================================================
  a    hasMore(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  g    private nextFromLimitedList()
  l    log()
  o    next(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o9$r)
===============================================================================
  m                invalidateAnchor()
  r                hasValidAnchor()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o9$r$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearSmoothScroller   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lo)
===============================================================================
  a    protected onStart()
  e    protected getHorizontalSnapPreference()
  f    protected updateActionForInterimTarget(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$Action)
  g    protected onStop()
  g    protected calculateTimeForScrolling(int)
  k    protected getVerticalSnapPreference()
  l    public calculateDtToFit(int,int,int,int,int)
  m    protected onTargetFound(android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$Action)
  m    public calculateDyToMakeVisible(android.view.View,int)
  n    public calculateDxToMakeVisible(android.view.View,int)
  o    private clampApplyScroll(int,int)
  p    public abstract computeScrollVectorForPosition(int)
  s    protected onSeekTargetStep(int,int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$Action)
  u    protected calculateSpeedPerPixel(android.util.DisplayMetrics)
  x    protected calculateTimeForDeceleration(int)

android.support.v7.widget.LinearSmoothScroller$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2)
===============================================================================
  a        public getPromptPosition()
  a        public setAnchorView(android.view.View)
  b        public getHeight()
  c        public isModal()
  c        public setModal(boolean)
  d        public setAnimationStyle(int)
  eval_f   public getHorizontalOffset()
  eval_h   setListItemExpandMax(int)
  eval_i   public postShow()
  eval_j   public setSelection(int)
  eval_l   public setPromptPosition(int)
  eval_m   private buildDropDown()
  eval_n   public getAnchorView()
  eval_o   public getListView()
  eval_q   public getAnimationStyle()
  eval_s   public isInputMethodNotNeeded()
  eval_t   public getSelectedItem()
  eval_u   public setWidth(int)
  eval_v   public getInputMethodMode()
  eval_w   public setDropDownGravity(int)
  eval_y   private removePromptView()
  f        public getSelectedItemId()
  f        public setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  g        public getSelectedView()
  g        public createDragToOpenListener(android.view.View)
  h        public isShowing()
  i        public getSelectedItemPosition()
  i        public setContentWidth(int)
  j        public getSoftInputMode()
  j        public setVerticalOffset(int)
  j        public onKeyPreIme(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  k        static access$1300(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow)
  l        static access$1200(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow)
  m        public getVerticalOffset()
  m        public setDropDownAlwaysVisible(boolean)
  n        public setListSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  n        public setForceIgnoreOutsideTouch(boolean)
  o        public dismiss()
  p        static access$1100(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow)
  r        public show()
  r        public setOnItemClickListener(android.widget.AdapterView$OnItemClickListener)
  r        public setHeight(int)
  s        public setInputMethodMode(int)
  s        public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  t        public performItemClick(int)
  u        public getBackground()
  u        private setPopupClipToScreenEnabled(boolean)
  u        public setSoftInputMode(int)
  v        public clearListSelection()
  v        public setOnItemSelectedListener(android.widget.AdapterView$OnItemSelectedListener)
  w        public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  w        static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow)
  w        public setPromptView(android.view.View)
  x        public isDropDownAlwaysVisible()
  x        private static isConfirmKey(int)
  y        public setOnDismissListener(android.widget.PopupWindow$OnDismissListener)
  y        public setHorizontalOffset(int)
  z        public getWidth()
  z        public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$1)
===============================================================================
  b    public getPopup()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$2      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$3      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$3)
===============================================================================
  onItemSelected       public onItemSelected(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onNothingSelected    public onNothingSelected(android.widget.AdapterView)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_og)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$DropDownListView       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$i)
===============================================================================
  c                private setPressedItem(android.view.View,int,float,float)
  eval_o           private clickPressedItem(android.view.View,int)
  eval_t           protected touchModeDrawsInPressedStateCompat()
  q                private clearPressedItem()
  s                public onForwardedEvent(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  t                static access$502(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$DropDownListView,boolean)
  hasFocus         public hasFocus()
  hasWindowFocus   public hasWindowFocus()
  isFocused        public isFocused()
  isInTouchMode    public isInTouchMode()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$eval_a)
===============================================================================
  a        static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener)
  b        public abstract getPopup()
  e        protected onForwardingStarted()
  eval_x   private onLongPress()
  i        private toGlobalMotionEvent(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
  k        private clearCallbacks()
  l        static access$1000(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener)
  l        private toLocalMotionEvent(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
  r        private onTouchObserved(android.view.MotionEvent)
  s        protected onForwardingStopped()
  v        private static pointInView(android.view.View,float,float,float)
  y        private onTouchForwarded(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onTouch  public onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$DisallowIntercept   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$eval_a$t)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$NullPointerException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$TriggerLongPress    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$eval_a$r)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ListSelectorHider      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$e)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupDataSetObserver   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$f)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupScrollListener    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$n)
===============================================================================
  onScroll             public onScroll(android.widget.AbsListView,int,int,int)
  onScrollStateChanged public onScrollStateChanged(android.widget.AbsListView,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupTouchInterceptor  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$j)
===============================================================================
  onTouch  public onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ResizePopupRunnable    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d2$z)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.OpReorderer    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vk)
===============================================================================
  j    private getLastMoveOutOfOrder(java.util.List)
  l    swapMoveUpdate(java.util.List,int,android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp,int,android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  q    swapMoveRemove(java.util.List,int,android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp,int,android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  s    private swapMoveAdd(java.util.List,int,android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp,int,android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  t    private swapMoveOp(java.util.List,int,int)
  x    reorderOps(java.util.List)

android.support.v7.widget.OpReorderer$Callback   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vk$b)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract recycleUpdateOp(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  w    public abstract obtainUpdateOp(int,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.OpReorderer$ParseException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ce)
===============================================================================
  b        public static createHorizontalHelper(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
  b        public abstract getDecoratedEnd(android.view.View)
  e        public abstract getDecoratedStart(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public getTotalSpaceChange()
  eval_z   public abstract getTotalSpace()
  g        public static createOrientationHelper(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager,int)
  g        public abstract offsetChildren(int)
  h        public abstract getDecoratedMeasurementInOther(android.view.View)
  j        public onLayoutComplete()
  n        public static createVerticalHelper(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
  o        public abstract getDecoratedMeasurement(android.view.View)
  o        public abstract offsetChild(android.view.View,int)
  q        public abstract getEnd()
  t        public abstract getEndPadding()
  u        public abstract getStartAfterPadding()
  y        public abstract getEndAfterPadding()

android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper$1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ce$1)
===============================================================================
  b        public getDecoratedEnd(android.view.View)
  e        public getDecoratedStart(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public getTotalSpace()
  g        public offsetChildren(int)
  h        public getDecoratedMeasurementInOther(android.view.View)
  o        public getDecoratedMeasurement(android.view.View)
  o        public offsetChild(android.view.View,int)
  q        public getEnd()
  t        public getEndPadding()
  u        public getStartAfterPadding()
  y        public getEndAfterPadding()

android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper$2    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ce$2)
===============================================================================
  b        public getDecoratedEnd(android.view.View)
  e        public getDecoratedStart(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public getTotalSpace()
  g        public offsetChildren(int)
  h        public getDecoratedMeasurementInOther(android.view.View)
  o        public getDecoratedMeasurement(android.view.View)
  o        public offsetChild(android.view.View,int)
  q        public getEnd()
  t        public getEndPadding()
  u        public getStartAfterPadding()
  y        public getEndAfterPadding()

android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper$IOException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ht)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d9)
===============================================================================
  c        public dismiss()
  c        public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  d        public inflate(int)
  eval_x   public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  f        public getMenuInflater()
  h        public getDragToOpenListener()
  i        public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  m        static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu)
  o        public show()
  p        public getMenu()
  r        public setOnDismissListener(android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnDismissListener)
  w        public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  x        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  z        public onCloseSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d9$1)
===============================================================================
  b    public getPopup()
  e    protected onForwardingStarted()
  s    protected onForwardingStopped()

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$NullPointerException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnDismissListener    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d9$c)
===============================================================================
  v    public abstract onDismiss(android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu)

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnMenuItemClickListener      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_d9$r)
===============================================================================
  w    public abstract onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.PositionMap    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_up)
===============================================================================
  a        static idealFloatArraySize(int)
  c        static idealIntArraySize(int)
  c        public removeKeyRange(java.util.ArrayList,int,int)
  clone    public clone()
  e        public get(int)
  eval_b   public indexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  eval_e   static idealShortArraySize(int)
  eval_r   public indexOfKey(int)
  eval_v   static idealLongArraySize(int)
  eval_x   static idealCharArraySize(int)
  eval_y   static idealBooleanArraySize(int)
  f        private gc()
  i        public valueAt(int)
  l        public get(int,java.lang.Object)
  m        public append(int,java.lang.Object)
  o        static idealByteArraySize(int)
  o        public removeAtRange(int,int)
  p        public size()
  p        static idealObjectArraySize(int)
  r        public insertKeyRange(int,int)
  s        public remove(int)
  t        public removeAt(int)
  u        public put(int,java.lang.Object)
  v        public delete(int)
  x        public clear()
  y        public setValueAt(int,java.lang.Object)
  z        public keyAt(int)
  clone    public volatile clone()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.PositionMap$ContainerHelpers   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_up$n)
===============================================================================
  f    static binarySearch(int[],int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.PositionMap$ParseException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ew)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz)
===============================================================================
  a                                ensureTopGlow()
  a                                getChangedHolderKey(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  a                                static getChildViewHolderInt(android.view.View)
  a                                public setScrollingTouchSlop(int)
  a                                findViewHolderForPosition(int,boolean)
  b                                static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  b                                public onChildDetachedFromWindow(android.view.View)
  b                                offsetPositionRecordsForInsert(int,int)
  c                                ensureBottomGlow()
  c                                public addItemDecoration(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemDecoration,int)
  c                                public setOnScrollListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnScrollListener)
  c                                static access$3602(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,boolean)
  d                                public getCompatAccessibilityDelegate()
  d                                static access$4100(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  d                                public fling(int,int)
  d                                assertInLayoutOrScroll(java.lang.String)
  e                                static access$502(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,boolean)
  e                                public setAccessibilityDelegateCompat(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate)
  e                                private addToDisappearingList(android.view.View)
  e                                scrollByInternal(int,int)
  eval__                           public findViewHolderForPosition(int)
  eval_a                           public scrollToPosition(int)
  eval_b                           static access$700(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View)
  eval_c                           private processAdapterUpdatesAndSetAnimationFlags()
  eval_c                           static access$4200(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  eval_d                           rebindUpdatedViewHolders()
  eval_e                           private supportsChangeAnimations()
  eval_f                           private releaseGlows()
  eval_f                           static access$3800(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  eval_g                           static access$3300(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  eval_g                           static access$2302(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,boolean)
  eval_h                           static access$3200(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  eval_j                           markItemDecorInsetsDirty()
  eval_k                           static access$5000(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View)
  eval_k                           offsetPositionRecordsForMove(int,int)
  eval_l                           private consumePendingUpdateOperations()
  eval_m                           private postAnimationRunner()
  eval_n                           clearOldPositions()
  eval_o                           static access$3100(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int)
  eval_p                           ensureRightGlow()
  eval_q                           saveOldPositions()
  eval_r                           markKnownViewsInvalid()
  eval_t                           public offsetChildrenHorizontal(int)
  eval_u                           private cancelTouch()
  eval_w                           private predictiveItemAnimationsEnabled()
  eval_x                           public setRecycledViewPool(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool)
  eval_z                           static access$2000()
  eval_z                           static access$2600(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  f                                public getRecycledViewPool()
  f                                static access$2200(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  f                                static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int)
  f                                static access$2700(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  f                                public smoothScrollBy(int,int)
  g                                public getLayoutManager()
  g                                getItemDecorInsetsForChild(android.view.View)
  g                                public setHasFixedSize(boolean)
  h                                public invalidateItemDecorations()
  h                                private processDisappearingList(android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap)
  h                                static access$3500(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  h                                public setAdapter(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter)
  h                                public getChildPosition(android.view.View)
  h                                public setItemViewCacheSize(int)
  i                                private stopScrollersInternal()
  i                                public swapAdapter(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter,boolean)
  i                                public removeItemDecoration(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemDecoration)
  i                                static access$4500(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  i                                public getChildItemId(android.view.View)
  i                                public findChildViewUnder(float,float)
  i                                public offsetChildrenVertical(int)
  j                                initAdapterManager()
  j                                public smoothScrollToPosition(int)
  j                                private pullGlows(int,int)
  k                                invalidateGlows()
  k                                static access$3400(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  k                                private removeFromDisappearingList(android.view.View)
  k                                absorbGlows(int,int)
  k                                assertNotInLayoutOrScroll(java.lang.String)
  l                                static access$2300(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  l                                static access$4300(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View)
  l                                private dispatchOnItemTouch(android.view.MotionEvent)
  l                                private dispatchChildAttached(android.view.View)
  m                                eatRequestLayout()
  m                                static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  n                                ensureLeftGlow()
  n                                public setRecyclerListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerListener)
  o                                public getScrollState()
  o                                static access$4700(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  o                                public getChildViewHolder(android.view.View)
  p                                static access$1100(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  p                                public setLayoutManager(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
  p                                private animateChange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  q                                public getItemAnimator()
  q                                static access$202(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,boolean)
  q                                offsetPositionRecordsForRemove(int,int,boolean)
  r                                static access$3700()
  r                                static access$2800(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int,int,int)
  r                                public findViewHolderForItemId(long)
  s                                public hasFixedSize()
  s                                static access$3000(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  s                                public removeOnItemTouchListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnItemTouchListener)
  t                                static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  t                                public addItemDecoration(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemDecoration)
  t                                public setViewCacheExtension(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewCacheExtension)
  t                                private setScrollState(int)
  u                                private initChildrenHelper()
  u                                private animateDisappearance(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemHolderInfo)
  u                                private animateAppearance(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.graphics.Rect,int,int)
  u                                static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View)
  v                                public stopScroll()
  v                                static access$2900(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  v                                public setItemAnimator(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator)
  v                                private addAnimatingView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  v                                private dispatchOnItemTouchIntercept(android.view.MotionEvent)
  v                                public onChildAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
  w                                public getAdapter()
  w                                static access$2400(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  w                                static access$4400(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View)
  w                                static access$800(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  w                                resumeRequestLayout(boolean)
  w                                private considerReleasingGlowsOnScroll(int,int)
  x                                static access$3900(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  x                                private setAdapterInternal(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter,boolean,boolean)
  x                                public addOnItemTouchListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnItemTouchListener)
  x                                private onPointerUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
  x                                private removeAnimatingView(android.view.View)
  y                                dispatchLayout()
  y                                viewRangeUpdate(int,int)
  z                                static access$2100(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  z                                private dispatchChildDetached(android.view.View)
  addFocusables                    public addFocusables(java.util.ArrayList,int,int)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  computeHorizontalScrollExtent    protected computeHorizontalScrollExtent()
  computeHorizontalScrollOffset    protected computeHorizontalScrollOffset()
  computeHorizontalScrollRange     protected computeHorizontalScrollRange()
  computeVerticalScrollExtent      protected computeVerticalScrollExtent()
  computeVerticalScrollOffset      protected computeVerticalScrollOffset()
  computeVerticalScrollRange       protected computeVerticalScrollRange()
  draw                             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  focusSearch                      public focusSearch(android.view.View,int)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onAttachedToWindow               protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onDraw                           public onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInterceptTouchEvent            public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState           protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState              protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onSizeChanged                    protected onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  removeDetachedView               protected removeDetachedView(android.view.View,boolean)
  requestChildFocus                public requestChildFocus(android.view.View,android.view.View)
  requestChildRectangleOnScreen    public requestChildRectangleOnScreen(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect,boolean)
  requestLayout                    public requestLayout()
  scrollBy                         public scrollBy(int,int)
  scrollTo                         public scrollTo(int,int)
  setClipToPadding                 public setClipToPadding(boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$2 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$3 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$3)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$4 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$4)
===============================================================================
  e        public getChildViewHolder(android.view.View)
  eval_a   public getChildAt(int)
  eval_i   public removeAllViews()
  i        public indexOfChild(android.view.View)
  i        public removeViewAt(int)
  k        public addView(android.view.View,int)
  k        public detachViewFromParent(int)
  n        public attachViewToParent(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  x        public getChildCount()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$5 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$5)
===============================================================================
  a        public onDispatchSecondPass(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  eval_d   public offsetPositionsForAdd(int,int)
  h        public markViewHoldersUpdated(int,int)
  l        public offsetPositionsForRemovingLaidOutOrNewView(int,int)
  o        public findViewHolder(int)
  q        public offsetPositionsForRemovingInvisible(int,int)
  r        public onDispatchFirstPass(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  r        public offsetPositionsForMove(int,int)
  y        dispatchUpdate(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$p)
===============================================================================
  a        public unregisterAdapterDataObserver(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$AdapterDataObserver)
  b        public final notifyItemInserted(int)
  c        public abstract getItemCount()
  c        public registerAdapterDataObserver(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$AdapterDataObserver)
  c        public abstract onBindViewHolder(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int)
  c        public getItemViewType(int)
  d        public final notifyItemRangeRemoved(int,int)
  e        public onViewDetachedFromWindow(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  e        public setHasStableIds(boolean)
  eval_j   public final notifyItemRangeInserted(int,int)
  eval_z   public onDetachedFromRecyclerView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  f        public final notifyDataSetChanged()
  j        public final bindViewHolder(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int)
  j        public final notifyItemMoved(int,int)
  l        public final hasStableIds()
  n        public getItemId(int)
  o        public final notifyItemChanged(int)
  p        public onViewAttachedToWindow(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  q        public final createViewHolder(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  r        public final notifyItemRangeChanged(int,int)
  t        public final hasObservers()
  t        public onViewRecycled(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  u        public final notifyItemRemoved(int)
  y        public onAttachedToRecyclerView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  z        public abstract onCreateViewHolder(android.view.ViewGroup,int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$AdapterDataObservable     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$y)
===============================================================================
  b    public hasObservers()
  e    public notifyItemRangeRemoved(int,int)
  l    public notifyItemRangeChanged(int,int)
  y    public notifyChanged()
  y    public notifyItemRangeInserted(int,int)
  z    public notifyItemMoved(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$AdapterDataObserver       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$q)
===============================================================================
  f    public onItemRangeRemoved(int,int)
  k    public onChanged()
  k    public onItemRangeInserted(int,int)
  o    public onItemRangeMoved(int,int,int)
  q    public onItemRangeChanged(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$IOException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ff)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$h)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract animateChange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int,int,int,int)
  a        public abstract animateMove(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int,int,int,int)
  b        public getMoveDuration()
  c        public onMoveStarting(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  d        public final dispatchAddFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  e        setListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemAnimatorListener)
  e        public onAddFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval__   public final dispatchAnimationsFinished()
  eval__   public abstract animateAdd(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_d   public final dispatchMoveFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_l   public final dispatchAddStarting(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_q   public final dispatchMoveStarting(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_v   public getAddDuration()
  eval_x   public final dispatchRemoveFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  f        public setMoveDuration(long)
  g        public getRemoveDuration()
  g        public setAddDuration(long)
  i        public abstract endAnimations()
  j        public onMoveFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  l        public onChangeFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,boolean)
  o        public getChangeDuration()
  o        public onRemoveStarting(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  p        public abstract isRunning()
  q        public abstract endAnimation(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  q        public final dispatchChangeFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,boolean)
  r        public onAddStarting(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  t        public final isRunning(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemAnimatorFinishedListener)
  t        public setSupportsChangeAnimations(boolean)
  u        public abstract animateRemove(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  w        public abstract runPendingAnimations()
  w        public onRemoveFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  x        public getSupportsChangeAnimations()
  x        public final dispatchRemoveStarting(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  x        public final dispatchChangeStarting(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,boolean)
  x        public setRemoveDuration(long)
  y        public setChangeDuration(long)
  z        public onChangeStarting(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemAnimatorFinishedListener (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$h$h)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onAnimationsFinished()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemAnimatorListener (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$h$k)
===============================================================================
  l    public abstract onMoveFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  m    public abstract onRemoveFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  s    public abstract onChangeFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  x    public abstract onAddFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimatorRestoreListener       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$j)
===============================================================================
  l    public onMoveFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  m    public onRemoveFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  s    public onChangeFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  x    public onAddFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemDecoration    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$_)
===============================================================================
  h    public onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  k    public getItemOffsets(android.graphics.Rect,android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  l    public onDrawOver(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  p    public getItemOffsets(android.graphics.Rect,int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  w    public onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  z    public onDrawOver(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemHolderInfo    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$eval_z)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$b)
===============================================================================
  a        public detachViewAt(int)
  b        static access$4800(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller)
  b        public getSelectionModeForAccessibility(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  b        public attachView(android.view.View,int)
  c        public requestLayout()
  c        public getRowCountForAccessibility(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  c        public onItemsUpdated(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  c        public getBottomDecorationHeight(android.view.View)
  c        public detachAndScrapView(android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  c        public generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  c        public offsetChildrenVertical(int)
  d        onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  d        static access$1700(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
  d        public onItemsAdded(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  d        public onAddFocusables(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,java.util.ArrayList,int,int)
  d        public calculateItemDecorationsForChild(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)
  d        public onInterceptFocusSearch(android.view.View,int)
  d        public findViewByPosition(int)
  e        public abstract generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  e        public smoothScrollToPosition(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  e        public measureChildWithMargins(android.view.View,int,int)
  e        public assertNotInLayoutOrScroll(java.lang.String)
  eval__   public isFocused()
  eval__   public getDecoratedMeasuredHeight(android.view.View)
  eval_a   public requestSimpleAnimationsInNextLayout()
  eval_a   public getDecoratedTop(android.view.View)
  eval_b   stopSmoothScroller()
  eval_b   public getDecoratedBottom(android.view.View)
  eval_c   public getPaddingBottom()
  eval_e   public getPaddingStart()
  eval_e   public getRightDecorationWidth(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public getTopDecorationHeight(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public moveView(int,int)
  eval_h   public canScrollHorizontally()
  eval_i   public hasFocus()
  eval_i   public getDecoratedMeasuredWidth(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public getItemCount()
  eval_l   public isSmoothScrolling()
  eval_n   public getChildCount()
  eval_n   onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfoForItem(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  eval_n   public offsetChildrenHorizontal(int)
  eval_o   public onSaveInstanceState()
  eval_p   public getPaddingTop()
  eval_p   public detachView(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public computeHorizontalScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_r   public getFocusedChild()
  eval_r   public computeVerticalScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_s   public getPaddingEnd()
  eval_t   public onDetachedFromWindow(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  eval_t   public endAnimation(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public getMinimumHeight()
  eval_v   public removeAllViews()
  eval_v   public isLayoutHierarchical(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_v   public getChildAt(int)
  eval_x   public getMinimumWidth()
  eval_x   public onScrollStateChanged(int)
  eval_y   public getLayoutDirection()
  eval_y   public scrollVerticallyBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_z   public getWidth()
  f        public onItemsRemoved(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  f        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  f        public scrollHorizontallyBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  g        public performAccessibilityActionForItem(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  g        public computeHorizontalScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  g        public onRequestChildFocus(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  g        public layoutDecorated(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  h        public getPaddingRight()
  h        public onItemsChanged(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  h        public removeView(android.view.View)
  h        performAccessibilityActionForItem(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  h        public attachView(android.view.View,int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutParams)
  i        public performAccessibilityAction(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int,android.os.Bundle)
  i        public startSmoothScroll(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller)
  i        public detachAndScrapViewAt(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  j        private onSmoothScrollerStopped(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller)
  j        public getPosition(android.view.View)
  j        public addView(android.view.View,int)
  k        public checkLayoutParams(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutParams)
  k        public computeVerticalScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  k        public getDecoratedRight(android.view.View)
  k        performAccessibilityAction(int,android.os.Bundle)
  k        public static getChildMeasureSpec(int,int,int,boolean)
  l        public supportsPredictiveItemAnimations()
  l        static access$1702(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager,boolean)
  l        public onMeasure(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int,int)
  l        public getItemViewType(android.view.View)
  m        public getHeight()
  m        public generateLayoutParams(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  m        public getColumnCountForAccessibility(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  m        public assertInLayoutOrScroll(java.lang.String)
  n        public onAdapterChanged(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter)
  n        public getLeftDecorationWidth(android.view.View)
  p        public removeAndRecycleView(android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  q        public onLayoutChildren(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  r        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfoForItem(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  r        public onFocusSearchFailed(android.view.View,int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  r        private addViewInt(android.view.View,int,boolean)
  r        public measureChild(android.view.View,int,int)
  s        setRecyclerView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  s        removeAndRecycleScrapInt(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  s        public getDecoratedLeft(android.view.View)
  s        private detachViewInternal(int,android.view.View)
  t        public stopIgnoringView(android.view.View)
  t        public scrollToPosition(int)
  t        public removeAndRecycleViewAt(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  u        public getClipToPadding()
  u        public removeDetachedView(android.view.View)
  u        public setMeasuredDimension(int,int)
  v        public getPaddingLeft()
  v        public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  v        public computeHorizontalScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  v        public attachView(android.view.View)
  w        public removeAndRecycleAllViews(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  w        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  w        private scrapOrRecycleView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,int,android.view.View)
  w        public computeVerticalScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  w        public onRequestChildFocus(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  w        public requestChildRectangleOnScreen(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect,boolean)
  x        public onAttachedToWindow(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  x        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  x        public onDetachedFromWindow(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  x        public addDisappearingView(android.view.View)
  y        public canScrollVertically()
  y        public detachAndScrapAttachedViews(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  y        public onItemsMoved(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int,int)
  y        public addView(android.view.View)
  y        public addDisappearingView(android.view.View,int)
  z        public ignoreView(android.view.View)
  z        public removeViewAt(int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutParams      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$k)
===============================================================================
  c    public getViewPosition()
  e    public isViewInvalid()
  i    public isItemChanged()
  v    public isItemRemoved()
  x    public viewNeedsUpdate()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnItemTouchListener       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$l)
===============================================================================
  q    public abstract onTouchEvent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.MotionEvent)
  u    public abstract onInterceptTouchEvent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnScrollListener  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$d)
===============================================================================
  m    public onScrollStateChanged(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int)
  t    public onScrolled(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$r)
===============================================================================
  a        public clear()
  d        public getRecycledView(int)
  eval_m   size()
  i        detach()
  j        public putRecycledView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  m        private getScrapHeapForType(int)
  q        public setMaxRecycledViews(int,int)
  v        onAdapterChanged(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter,boolean)
  x        attach(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$eval_w)
===============================================================================
  a        clearOldPositions()
  a        quickRecycleScrapView(android.view.View)
  a        getScrapViewForId(long,int,boolean)
  d        public clear()
  d        recycleViewHolderInternal(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  d        scrapView(android.view.View)
  eval_b   getChangedScrapViewForPosition(int)
  eval_m   markKnownViewsInvalid()
  eval_r   markItemDecorInsetsDirty()
  eval_y   dispatchViewRecycled(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_z   private attachAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
  f        getRecycledViewPool()
  f        public convertPreLayoutPositionToPostLayout(int)
  g        public setViewCacheSize(int)
  g        offsetPositionRecordsForInsert(int,int)
  h        recycleAndClearCachedViews()
  i        public getViewForPosition(int)
  j        setRecycledViewPool(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool)
  k        validateViewHolderForOffsetPosition(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  l        onAdapterChanged(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter,boolean)
  l        unscrapView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  l        public bindViewToPosition(android.view.View,int)
  l        private invalidateDisplayListInt(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  l        tryToRecycleCachedViewAt(int)
  m        getScrapViewAt(int)
  m        viewRangeUpdate(int,int)
  n        static access$1800(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  n        offsetPositionRecordsForMove(int,int)
  o        clearScrap()
  o        private invalidateDisplayListInt(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  o        recycleViewInternal(android.view.View)
  o        getViewForPosition(int,boolean)
  p        public getScrapList()
  p        setViewCacheExtension(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewCacheExtension)
  p        public recycleView(android.view.View)
  q        getScrapViewForPosition(int,int,boolean)
  w        offsetPositionRecordsForRemove(int,int,boolean)
  x        getScrapCount()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerListener  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$i)
===============================================================================
  v    public abstract onViewRecycled(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerViewDataObserver  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$eval_i)
===============================================================================
  a    triggerUpdateProcessor()
  f    public onItemRangeRemoved(int,int)
  k    public onChanged()
  k    public onItemRangeInserted(int,int)
  o    public onItemRangeMoved(int,int,int)
  q    public onItemRangeChanged(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$eval_s)
===============================================================================
  k                private copyFrom(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState)
  y                static access$1300(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState)
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$eval_s$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ku)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$e)
===============================================================================
  a        protected abstract onStart()
  b        public isRunning()
  b        protected normalize(android.graphics.PointF)
  b        start(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
  b        public instantScrollToPosition(int)
  eval_b   private onAnimation(int,int)
  eval_o   public getLayoutManager()
  g        protected abstract onStop()
  g        static access$2500(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller,int,int)
  j        public isPendingInitialRun()
  m        protected abstract onTargetFound(android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$Action)
  o        public findViewByPosition(int)
  p        public getChildPosition(android.view.View)
  q        protected final stop()
  q        protected onChildAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
  s        public setTargetPosition(int)
  s        protected abstract onSeekTargetStep(int,int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$Action)
  u        public getTargetPosition()
  w        public getChildCount()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$Action     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$e$l)
===============================================================================
  a        public getDy()
  d        public setDy(int)
  e        public getDx()
  eval_e   private validate()
  f        private runIfNecessary(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  h        public getDuration()
  j        static access$4900(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$Action,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  k        public setDuration(int)
  t        public setInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  y        public getInterpolator()
  y        public setDx(int)
  z        public update(int,int,int,android.view.animation.Interpolator)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$u)
===============================================================================
  b        static access$1202(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  c        public getItemCount()
  c        private removeFrom(android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  d        static access$1902(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  e        static access$1400(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  e        static access$1402(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  eval_m   static access$1500(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  f        static access$1600(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  f        public onViewRecycled(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  h        public hasTargetScrollPosition()
  h        static access$4602(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  i        public getTargetScrollPosition()
  n        public willRunPredictiveAnimations()
  n        static access$1012(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  o        static access$1002(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  o        public put(int,java.lang.Object)
  p        public willRunSimpleAnimations()
  p        static access$1602(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  r        static access$1502(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  s        public isPreLayout()
  s        public onViewIgnored(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  v        static access$1200(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  v        public remove(int)
  y        public didStructureChange()
  y        public get(int)
  z        reset()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewCacheExtension        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$w)
===============================================================================
  s    public abstract getViewForPositionAndType(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewFlinger       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$a)
===============================================================================
  b        private enableRunOnAnimationRequests()
  c        public stop()
  d        private distanceInfluenceForSnapDuration(float)
  eval_l   public smoothScrollBy(int,int,int)
  f        public smoothScrollBy(int,int)
  g        private computeScrollDuration(int,int,int,int)
  m        postOnAnimation()
  m        public smoothScrollBy(int,int,int,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  n        public fling(int,int)
  o        public smoothScrollBy(int,int,int,int)
  q        private disableRunOnAnimationRequests()
  run      public run()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_oz$o)
===============================================================================
  a        public final isRecyclable()
  b        needsUpdate()
  b        static access$4002(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  b        public final setIsRecyclable(boolean)
  c        public final getOldPosition()
  e        public final getPosition()
  e        setFlags(int,int)
  eval_g   isInvalid()
  eval_h   clearReturnedFromScrapFlag()
  eval_j   isRemoved()
  eval_m   isTmpDetached()
  eval_r   public final getItemViewType()
  eval_v   clearTmpDetachFlag()
  eval_z   wasReturnedFromScrap()
  f        isChanged()
  g        public final getItemId()
  h        flagRemovedAndOffsetPosition(int,int,boolean)
  j        isScrap()
  k        unScrap()
  n        clearOldPosition()
  n        static access$5100(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  n        addFlags(int)
  n        offsetPosition(int,boolean)
  o        shouldIgnore()
  s        isBound()
  t        saveOldPosition()
  w        setScrapContainer(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  y        stopIgnoring()
  z        resetInternal()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ad)
===============================================================================
  r    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  s    getItemDelegate()
  y    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  y    public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate$1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ad$1)
===============================================================================
  r    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  y    public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate$Exception    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ax)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RoundRectDrawable      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kc)
===============================================================================
  b                public setColor(int)
  c                getPadding()
  e                public getRadius()
  q                private updateBounds(android.graphics.Rect)
  q                setPadding(float,boolean,boolean)
  t                setRadius(float)
  draw             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getOpacity       public getOpacity()
  getOutline       public getOutline(android.graphics.Outline)
  onBoundsChange   protected onBoundsChange(android.graphics.Rect)
  setAlpha         public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter   public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)

android.support.v7.widget.RoundRectDrawable$IOException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_tr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RoundRectDrawableWithShadow    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kb)
===============================================================================
  a                private drawShadow(android.graphics.Canvas)
  a                public setAddPaddingForCorners(boolean)
  c                private toEven(float)
  e                private buildShadowCorners()
  e                setMaxShadowSize(float)
  g                getShadowSize()
  l                getMaxShadowSize()
  m                getMinWidth()
  m                public setColor(int)
  o                setShadowSize(float,float)
  q                getMinHeight()
  r                setCornerRadius(float)
  u                setShadowSize(float)
  u                static calculateHorizontalPadding(float,float,boolean)
  v                private buildComponents(android.graphics.Rect)
  w                static calculateVerticalPadding(float,float,boolean)
  x                getCornerRadius()
  y                getMaxShadowAndCornerPadding(android.graphics.Rect)
  draw             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getOpacity       public getOpacity()
  getPadding       public getPadding(android.graphics.Rect)
  onBoundsChange   protected onBoundsChange(android.graphics.Rect)
  setAlpha         public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter   public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)

android.support.v7.widget.RoundRectDrawableWithShadow$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_p0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RoundRectDrawableWithShadow$RoundRectHelper    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kb$u)
===============================================================================
  y    public abstract drawRoundRect(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.RectF,float,android.graphics.Paint)

android.support.v7.widget.ScrollbarHelper        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wm)
===============================================================================
  d    static computeScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper,android.view.View,android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager,boolean,boolean)
  g    static computeScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper,android.view.View,android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager,boolean)
  h    static computeScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper,android.view.View,android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager,boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.ScrollbarHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1)
===============================================================================
  a                    public getQueryHint()
  a                    static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  a                    private createIntent(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  b                    private updateQueryHint()
  b                    private launchIntent(android.content.Intent)
  b                    static access$1300(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  b                    private updateViewsVisibility(boolean)
  b                    private onTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  c                    static access$1900(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,int,int,java.lang.String)
  c                    public setQueryHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
  d                    private addOnLayoutChangeListenerToDropDownAnchorBase()
  d                    static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  e                    private getPreferredWidth()
  e                    private setImeVisibility(boolean)
  e                    private launchQuerySearch(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  e                    private setQuery(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval__               onTextFocusChanged()
  eval_b               private hasVoiceSearch()
  eval_b               static access$1000(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  eval_c               private dismissSuggestions()
  eval_c               public setIconified(boolean)
  eval_c               private rewriteQueryFromSuggestion(int)
  eval_e               private addOnLayoutChangeListenerToDropDownAnchorSDK11()
  eval_f               private onVoiceClicked()
  eval_g               private onSearchClicked()
  eval_h               public setSubmitButtonEnabled(boolean)
  eval_i               public isIconified()
  eval_l               private onSubmitQuery()
  eval_m               private updateCloseButton()
  eval_n               private isSubmitAreaEnabled()
  eval_o               public isIconfiedByDefault()
  eval_p               public setMaxWidth(int)
  eval_q               private postUpdateFocusedState()
  eval_r               public isQueryRefinementEnabled()
  eval_t               private forceSuggestionQuery()
  eval_t               static access$1200(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  eval_u               private updateSearchAutoComplete()
  eval_v               private onCloseClicked()
  eval_w               public getInputType()
  eval_y               private updateSubmitArea()
  eval_y               static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  eval_z               static access$1100()
  f                    public getSuggestionsAdapter()
  f                    static isLandscapeMode(android.content.Context)
  f                    private getDecoratedHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
  g                    public getImeOptions()
  g                    onQueryRefine(java.lang.CharSequence)
  h                    public setSearchableInfo(android.app.SearchableInfo)
  h                    private createVoiceWebSearchIntent(android.content.Intent,android.app.SearchableInfo)
  i                    getSuggestionRowLayout()
  i                    static access$700(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  j                    private createVoiceAppSearchIntent(android.content.Intent,android.app.SearchableInfo)
  j                    static access$2000(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,int)
  j                    public setOnQueryTextFocusChangeListener(android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
  j                    private onSuggestionsKey(android.view.View,int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  j                    private onItemClicked(int,int,java.lang.String)
  k                    getSuggestionCommitIconResId()
  k                    static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  k                    public setOnSearchClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
  l                    static access$1800(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  m                    private createIntentFromSuggestion(android.database.Cursor,int,java.lang.String)
  m                    public setAppSearchData(android.os.Bundle)
  m                    public setSuggestionsAdapter(android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter)
  m                    public setInputType(int)
  m                    public setQuery(java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  o                    static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  o                    public setOnCloseListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener)
  p                    public isSubmitButtonEnabled()
  p                    public setOnSuggestionListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener)
  r                    public onActionViewCollapsed()
  r                    static access$800(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  r                    public setImeOptions(int)
  s                    private adjustDropDownSizeAndPosition()
  s                    static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  s                    static access$2100(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,java.lang.CharSequence)
  s                    private updateSubmitButton(boolean)
  t                    public onActionViewExpanded()
  t                    static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  u                    public setIconifiedByDefault(boolean)
  u                    private launchSuggestion(int,int,java.lang.String)
  v                    static access$1600(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,android.view.View,int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  v                    static access$2200(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,boolean)
  v                    public setQueryRefinementEnabled(boolean)
  w                    public getQuery()
  w                    static access$1500(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  w                    private onItemSelected(int)
  x                    private updateVoiceButton(boolean)
  y                    private updateFocusedState()
  y                    static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  z                    public getMaxWidth()
  z                    static access$1400(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  z                    public setOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener)
  clearFocus           public clearFocus()
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onWindowFocusChanged public onWindowFocusChanged(boolean)
  requestFocus         public requestFocus(int,android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$10  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$10)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$11  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$11)
===============================================================================
  onItemSelected       public onItemSelected(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onNothingSelected    public onNothingSelected(android.widget.AdapterView)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$12  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$12)
===============================================================================
  afterTextChanged     public afterTextChanged(android.text.Editable)
  beforeTextChanged    public beforeTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)
  onTextChanged        public onTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$2   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$3   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$4   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$4)
===============================================================================
  onFocusChange    public onFocusChange(android.view.View,boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$5   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$5)
===============================================================================
  onLayoutChange   public onLayoutChange(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$6   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$6)
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$7   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$7)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$8   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$8)
===============================================================================
  onKey    public onKey(android.view.View,int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$9   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$9)
===============================================================================
  onEditorAction   public onEditorAction(android.widget.TextView,int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$AutoCompleteTextViewReflector       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$d)
===============================================================================
  e    doBeforeTextChanged(android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView)
  j    showSoftInputUnchecked(android.view.inputmethod.InputMethodManager,android.view.View,int)
  j    doAfterTextChanged(android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView)
  j    ensureImeVisible(android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView,boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$t)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onClose()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$u)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  s    public abstract onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$r)
===============================================================================
  eval_f   public abstract onSuggestionClick(int)
  u        public abstract onSuggestionSelect(int)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_o1$eval_g)
===============================================================================
  e                    setSearchView(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  j                    private isEmpty()
  p                    static access$1700(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete)
  enoughToFilter       public enoughToFilter()
  onFocusChanged       protected onFocusChanged(boolean,int,android.graphics.Rect)
  onKeyPreIme          public onKeyPreIme(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onWindowFocusChanged public onWindowFocusChanged(boolean)
  performCompletion    public performCompletion()
  replaceText          protected replaceText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setThreshold         public setThreshold(int)

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wk)
===============================================================================
  b        public onCreateActionView()
  c        public setOnShareTargetSelectedListener(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$OnShareTargetSelectedListener)
  e        static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider)
  eval_g   public onPrepareSubMenu(android.view.SubMenu)
  eval_u   private setActivityChooserPolicyIfNeeded()
  f        static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider)
  g        static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider)
  n        public hasSubMenu()
  o        public setShareHistoryFileName(java.lang.String)
  q        public setShareIntent(android.content.Intent)
  t        private updateIntent(android.content.Intent)
  v        static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$1  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wk$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$NullPointerException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$OnShareTargetSelectedListener      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wk$s)
===============================================================================
  o    public abstract onShareTargetSelected(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$ShareActivityChooserModelPolicy    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wk$e)
===============================================================================
  p    public onChooseActivity(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$ShareMenuItemOnMenuItemClickListener       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wk$l)
===============================================================================
  onMenuItemClick  public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy)
===============================================================================
  a        public getSpanCount()
  a        private computeScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  a        public setReverseLayout(boolean)
  b        private checkForGaps()
  b        private recycle(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.LayoutState,android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$Span,int)
  b        private fixEndGap(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  b        static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager)
  b        private measureChildWithDecorationsAndMargin(android.view.View,int,int)
  c        public getRowCountForAccessibility(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  c        public onItemsUpdated(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  c        public generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  c        public offsetChildrenVertical(int)
  c        private updateSpecWithExtra(int,int,int)
  d        public getOrientation()
  d        public onItemsAdded(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  d        private applyPendingSavedState(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  d        private updateLayoutStateToFillStart(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  e        public generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  e        private fill(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.LayoutState,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  e        public smoothScrollToPosition(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  e        public assertNotInLayoutOrScroll(java.lang.String)
  eval_c   private calculateScrollDirectionForPosition(int)
  eval_d   private getLastChildPosition()
  eval_f   hasGapsToFix()
  eval_f   public setOrientation(int)
  eval_g   private getMaxStart(int)
  eval_h   public canScrollHorizontally()
  eval_h   public setSpanCount(int)
  eval_k   findFirstVisibleItemPositionInt()
  eval_l   private createFullSpanItemFromEnd(int)
  eval_m   public getReverseLayout()
  eval_m   private getMaxEnd(int)
  eval_n   public offsetChildrenHorizontal(int)
  eval_o   public onSaveInstanceState()
  eval_q   private ensureOrientationHelper()
  eval_q   public computeHorizontalScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_r   public computeVerticalScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_t   public getGapStrategy()
  eval_u   private computeScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_u   private appendViewToAllSpans(android.view.View)
  eval_u   private findFirstReferenceChildPosition(int)
  eval_w   updateMeasureSpecs()
  eval_w   private getMinEnd(int)
  eval_x   public onScrollStateChanged(int)
  eval_y   public scrollVerticallyBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_z   private updateRemainingSpans(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$Span,int,int)
  eval_z   private getMinStart(int)
  f        private resolveShouldLayoutReverse()
  f        private updateAnchorFromChildren(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  f        public onItemsRemoved(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  f        static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager)
  f        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  f        public scrollHorizontallyBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  f        private updateLayoutStateToFillEnd(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  g        private getFirstChildPosition()
  g        public computeHorizontalScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  g        public findFirstCompletelyVisibleItemPositions(int[])
  h        public onItemsChanged(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  j        private computeScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  j        private checkSpanForGap(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$Span)
  k        public checkLayoutParams(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutParams)
  k        public computeVerticalScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  l        public supportsPredictiveItemAnimations()
  m        public generateLayoutParams(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  m        public getColumnCountForAccessibility(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  m        private recycleFromStart(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,int)
  m        updateAnchorInfoForLayout(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  m        findFirstVisibleItemClosestToEnd(boolean)
  m        public setGapStrategy(int)
  m        public findFirstVisibleItemPositions(int[])
  n        public invalidateSpanAssignments()
  n        public findLastCompletelyVisibleItemPositions(int[])
  o        private findLastReferenceChildPosition(int)
  q        public onLayoutChildren(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  q        private layoutDecoratedWithMargins(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  q        private preferLastSpan(int)
  q        scrollBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  r        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfoForItem(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  r        private prependViewToAllSpans(android.view.View)
  s        private fixStartGap(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  s        static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager)
  s        private measureChildWithDecorationsAndMargin(android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LayoutParams)
  t        static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager,int)
  t        public scrollToPosition(int)
  t        public scrollToPositionWithOffset(int,int)
  u        updateAnchorFromPendingData(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  v        public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  v        public computeHorizontalScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  w        public computeVerticalScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  w        private updateAllRemainingSpans(int,int)
  w        public findLastVisibleItemPositions(int[])
  x        private recycleFromEnd(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,int)
  x        public onDetachedFromWindow(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  x        private attachViewToSpans(android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LayoutParams,android.support.v7.widget.LayoutState)
  y        public canScrollVertically()
  y        public onItemsMoved(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int,int)
  y        findFirstVisibleItemClosestToStart(boolean)
  y        private createFullSpanItemFromStart(int)
  z        isLayoutRTL()
  z        private getNextSpan(android.support.v7.widget.LayoutState)
  z        private handleUpdate(int,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$2   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$2)
===============================================================================
  p    public computeScrollVectorForPosition(int)

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$AnchorInfo  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$w)
===============================================================================
  l    assignCoordinateFromPadding()
  s    reset()
  w    assignCoordinateFromPadding(int)

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LayoutParams        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$x)
===============================================================================
  a    public final getSpanIndex()
  e    public setFullSpan(boolean)
  k    public isFullSpan()

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$s)
===============================================================================
  b        public getFullSpanItem(int)
  c        clear()
  c        private offsetFullSpansForRemoval(int,int)
  e        ensureSize(int)
  e        offsetForAddition(int,int)
  eval_a   sizeForPosition(int)
  eval_y   getSpan(int)
  j        public getFirstFullSpanItemInRange(int,int,int)
  m        offsetForRemoval(int,int)
  o        forceInvalidateAfter(int)
  r        public addFullSpanItem(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem)
  v        setSpan(int,android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$Span)
  w        private invalidateFullSpansAfter(int)
  z        invalidateAfter(int)
  z        private offsetFullSpansForAddition(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$s$h)
===============================================================================
  g                getGapForSpan(int)
  n                public invalidateSpanGaps()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$s$h$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem$NullPointerException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ok)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$ParseException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ts)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$l)
===============================================================================
  eval__           invalidateAnchorPositionInfo()
  w                invalidateSpanInfo()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState$1        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$l$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState$IOException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$Span        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wy$n)
===============================================================================
  a        invalidateCache()
  c        public getDeletedSize()
  d        public findFirstCompletelyVisibleItemPosition()
  eval_v   static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$Span)
  f        prependToSpan(android.view.View)
  f        findOneVisibleChild(int,int,boolean)
  g        public findFirstVisibleItemPosition()
  h        onOffset(int)
  h        isEmpty(int,int)
  i        appendToSpan(android.view.View)
  i        cacheReferenceLineAndClear(boolean,int)
  k        clear()
  k        getEndLine(int)
  m        calculateCachedEnd()
  n        getStartLine()
  p        calculateCachedStart()
  p        getNormalizedOffset(int,int,int)
  t        public findLastCompletelyVisibleItemPosition()
  t        setLine(int)
  u        getLayoutParams(android.view.View)
  v        getEndLine()
  w        popStart()
  x        popEnd()
  x        getStartLine(int)
  z        public findLastVisibleItemPosition()

android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dl)
===============================================================================
  a                        private updateSpinnerState(android.database.Cursor)
  b                        getSearchManagerSuggestions(android.app.SearchableInfo,java.lang.String,int)
  b                        getDrawableFromResourceUri(android.net.Uri)
  eval__                   private getDrawable(android.net.Uri)
  eval_b                   public newView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  eval_l                   public convertToString(android.database.Cursor)
  eval_n                   private static getStringOrNull(android.database.Cursor,int)
  eval_p                   private formatUrl(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j                        private checkIconCache(java.lang.String)
  k                        public setQueryRefinement(int)
  l                        private getDrawableFromResourceValue(java.lang.String)
  m                        private getActivityIconWithCache(android.content.ComponentName)
  n                        public changeCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  o                        private getDefaultIcon1(android.database.Cursor)
  o                        private storeInIconCache(java.lang.String,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p                        public static getColumnString(android.database.Cursor,java.lang.String)
  p                        private setViewDrawable(android.widget.ImageView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  p                        private setViewText(android.widget.TextView,java.lang.CharSequence)
  r                        private getIcon1(android.database.Cursor)
  s                        public bindView(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor)
  u                        public getQueryRefinement()
  w                        public close()
  x                        private getActivityIcon(android.content.ComponentName)
  y                        private getIcon2(android.database.Cursor)
  y                        public runQueryOnBackgroundThread(java.lang.CharSequence)
  getView                  public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  hasStableIds             public hasStableIds()
  notifyDataSetChanged     public notifyDataSetChanged()
  notifyDataSetInvalidated public notifyDataSetInvalidated()
  onClick                  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter$ChildViewCache      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_dl$h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_re)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k_)
===============================================================================
  a                                public setThumbDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  b                                public getShowText()
  e                                public setSwitchMinWidth(int)
  eval_b                           public getTrackDrawable()
  eval_c                           private getThumbOffset()
  eval_r                           private getThumbScrollRange()
  eval_s                           public getTextOff()
  eval_w                           public getTextOn()
  f                                private getTargetCheckedState()
  f                                public setSwitchTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
  f                                public setTextOn(java.lang.CharSequence)
  g                                public setSplitTrack(boolean)
  g                                private setThumbPosition(float)
  g                                private makeLayout(java.lang.CharSequence)
  h                                private hitThumb(float,float)
  i                                public setTrackDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  i                                public setThumbTextPadding(int)
  j                                public getThumbTextPadding()
  k                                public setTrackResource(int)
  l                                public getSplitTrack()
  m                                private static constrain(float,float,float)
  n                                public setSwitchTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)
  o                                private cancelPositionAnimator()
  p                                public setSwitchPadding(int)
  q                                private stopDrag(android.view.MotionEvent)
  r                                public getSwitchMinWidth()
  s                                private animateThumbToCheckedState(boolean)
  s                                public setTextOff(java.lang.CharSequence)
  u                                private cancelSuperTouch(android.view.MotionEvent)
  u                                public setThumbResource(int)
  v                                public getSwitchPadding()
  w                                public setShowText(boolean)
  x                                public setSwitchTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface,int)
  z                                public getThumbDrawable()
  z                                static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat,float)
  draw                             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawableHotspotChanged           public drawableHotspotChanged(float,float)
  drawableStateChanged             protected drawableStateChanged()
  getCompoundPaddingLeft           public getCompoundPaddingLeft()
  getCompoundPaddingRight          public getCompoundPaddingRight()
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState      public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState()
  onCreateDrawableState            protected onCreateDrawableState(int)
  onDraw                           protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        public onMeasure(int,int)
  onPopulateAccessibilityEvent     public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setChecked                       public setChecked(boolean)
  toggle                           public toggle()
  verifyDrawable                   protected verifyDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_k_$1)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  protected applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$IOException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_fx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj)
===============================================================================
  a                            public getContentInsetStart()
  a                            public setSubtitleTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)
  b                            public isTitleTruncated()
  b                            public setMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  b                            public inflateMenu(int)
  c                            public getLogo()
  c                            public setTitleTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)
  c                            public setMenuCallbacks(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  c                            private getHorizontalMargins(android.view.View)
  c                            private layoutChildLeft(android.view.View,int,int[],int)
  c                            public setContentInsetsAbsolute(int,int)
  d                            public setNavigationIcon(int)
  e                            public setLogo(int)
  eval__                       private ensureNavButtonView()
  eval_a                       private shouldCollapse()
  eval_c                       public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_d                       public getMenu()
  eval_e                       private ensureCollapseButtonView()
  eval_e                       public setTitleTextColor(int)
  eval_f                       public getNavigationIcon()
  eval_g                       public setNavigationContentDescription(int)
  eval_i                       public showOverflowMenu()
  eval_j                       public getWrapper()
  eval_k                       private shouldLayout(android.view.View)
  eval_l                       public setTitle(int)
  eval_q                       private ensureLogoView()
  eval_r                       private ensureMenuView()
  eval_s                       public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  eval_t                       private getMinimumHeightCompat()
  eval_y                       private updateChildVisibilityForExpandedActionView(android.view.View)
  f                            public collapseActionView()
  f                            public setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  g                            private postShowOverflowMenu()
  g                            private measureChildConstrained(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int)
  g                            public setSubtitleTextColor(int)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams         protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  h                            public getLogoDescription()
  h                            private measureChildCollapseMargins(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int[])
  h                            public setContentInsetsRelative(int,int)
  i                            public getNavigationContentDescription()
  i                            static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  i                            private addCustomViewsWithGravity(java.util.List,int)
  j                            public getSubtitle()
  j                            static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar,boolean)
  j                            private addSystemView(android.view.View)
  j                            public setLogoDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  k                            public getPopupTheme()
  l                            public hasExpandedActionView()
  m                            public dismissPopupMenus()
  n                            public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  n                            private static isCustomView(android.view.View)
  o                            private ensureMenu()
  o                            public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  o                            private getChildHorizontalGravity(int)
  p                            public getContentInsetLeft()
  p                            static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  q                            public hideOverflowMenu()
  q                            private static themifyContext(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
  q                            private setChildVisibilityForExpandedActionView(boolean)
  r                            static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  r                            public setPopupTheme(int)
  r                            public setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s                            public getContentInsetRight()
  t                            public getTitle()
  t                            private getChildTop(android.view.View,int)
  t                            public setLogoDescription(int)
  u                            public canShowOverflowMenu()
  u                            public setSubtitle(int)
  v                            private getMenuInflater()
  v                            private layoutChildRight(android.view.View,int,int[],int)
  w                            static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  w                            private getVerticalMargins(android.view.View)
  w                            public setNavigationOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
  w                            public setCollapsible(boolean)
  w                            public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  x                            private getChildVerticalGravity(int)
  z                            public getContentInsetEnd()
  z                            public setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  z                            private getViewListMeasuredWidth(java.util.List,int[])
  checkLayoutParams            protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams         protected volatile generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onDetachedFromWindow         protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onHoverEvent                 public onHoverEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                     protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState       protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onRtlPropertiesChanged       public onRtlPropertiesChanged(int)
  onSaveInstanceState          protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onTouchEvent                 public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setMinimumHeight             public setMinimumHeight(int)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj$1)
===============================================================================
  x    public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$2      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$3      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj$3)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$ExpandedActionViewMenuPresenter        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj$d)
===============================================================================
  c        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  c        public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  eval_c   public onSaveInstanceState()
  g        public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  k        public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  k        public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  q        public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  s        public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  s        public updateMenuView(boolean)
  u        public getId()
  v        public flagActionItems()
  z        public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$IOException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$LayoutParams   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj$eval_m)
===============================================================================
  e    copyMarginsFromCompat(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj$n)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj$u)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState$1   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vj$u$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.WindowCallbackWrapper  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a_)
===============================================================================
  i    public onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  j    public startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  j    public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  o    public onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  p    public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  w    public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  z    public onCreatePanelView(int)

android.support.v7.widget.WindowCallbackWrapper$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt)
===============================================================================
  a                        static access$400(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup,boolean)
  b                        static access$300(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup)
  l                        private initImportView(boolean)
  o                        static access$200(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup)
  p                        static access$100(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup)
  x                        static access$000(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup)
  z                        static access$302(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup,android.app.AlertDialog)
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onResume                 protected onResume()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$2    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt$2)
===============================================================================
  accept   public accept(java.io.File,java.lang.String)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$3    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt$3)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$3$1  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt$3$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$3$1$1        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt$3$1$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$3$1$NullPointerException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$3$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$4    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt$4)
===============================================================================
  onLongClick  public onLongClick(android.view.View)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$5    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt$5)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$5$1  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xt$5$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$5$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$6    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_t0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackup$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackupNew   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u8)
===============================================================================
  d                        static access$000(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackupNew)
  eval__                   private initExportView()
  eval_h                   private export()
  i                        static access$202(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackupNew,boolean)
  q                        static access$200(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackupNew)
  w                        static access$102(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackupNew,boolean)
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackupNew$1 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u8$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackupNew$2 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u8$2)
===============================================================================
  onCheckedChanged public onCheckedChanged(android.widget.CompoundButton,boolean)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackupNew$3 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u8$3)
===============================================================================
  onCheckedChanged public onCheckedChanged(android.widget.CompoundButton,boolean)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackupNew$4 (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_i1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityBackupNew$Exception (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_q6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityEditor
===============================================================================
  b                        private deleteText()
  eval_f                   private shareText()
  eval_f                   static access$100(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityEditor)
  eval_n                   private setStarredIcon()
  eval_t                   private saveText()
  h                        static access$200(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityEditor)
  l                        static access$002(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityEditor,android.view.inputmethod.InputMethodManager)
  m                        static access$000(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityEditor)
  q                        private finishAndRemoveTaskWithToast(java.lang.String)
  onBackPressed            public onBackPressed()
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onPause                  protected onPause()
  onResume                 protected onResume()
  saveTextOnClick          public saveTextOnClick(android.view.View)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityEditor$1
===============================================================================
  onFocusChange    public onFocusChange(android.view.View,boolean)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityEditor$2
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityEditor$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain
===============================================================================
  a                        protected setView()
  a                        static access$1700(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain)
  b                        private clearDeleteQueue()
  b                        static access$1600(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain)
  b                        static access$602(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain,java.util.Date)
  b                        protected onShowKeyboard(int)
  d                        static access$100(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain)
  d                        static access$902(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain,int)
  d                        static access$502(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain,java.lang.String)
  e                        private initView()
  e                        static access$1200(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain)
  e                        static access$1102(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain,int)
  eval_d                   static access$1100(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain)
  eval_e                   private setItemsVisibility()
  eval_g                   private firstLaunch()
  eval_g                   static access$1500(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain)
  eval_h                   static access$900(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain)
  eval_l                   static access$1000()
  eval_m                   static access$300()
  eval_n                   static access$2000(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain)
  eval_o                   protected setStarredIcon()
  eval_r                   private clearAll()
  eval_v                   static access$000(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain)
  eval_z                   private initSecondLaunch()
  g                        private mFabRotation(boolean,long)
  h                        private easterEgg()
  i                        protected onHideKeyboard()
  l                        protected addClickStringAction(android.content.Context,com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObject,int,android.view.View)
  m                        static access$800(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain)
  m                        static access$1702(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain,int)
  n                        protected addLongClickStringAction(android.content.Context,com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObject,int,android.view.View)
  o                        private onStarredMenuClicked()
  o                        protected setActionIcon(android.widget.ImageButton)
  o                        static access$200(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain,boolean,long)
  q                        static access$700(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain)
  r                        static access$1900(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain)
  s                        private cancelSecondLaunch()
  s                        static access$400(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain)
  t                        static access$1302(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain,boolean)
  z                        static access$1400(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain)
  mFabOnClick              public mFabOnClick(android.view.View)
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onDestroy                protected onDestroy()
  onNewIntent              protected onNewIntent(android.content.Intent)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onPause                  protected onPause()
  onResume                 protected onResume()
  onSearchRequested        public onSearchRequested()
  onStop                   protected onStop()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$1
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$10
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$10$1
===============================================================================
  onAnimationCancel    public onAnimationCancel(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.animation.Animator)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$10$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$11
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$11$1
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$11$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_bm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$12
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$13
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$14
===============================================================================
  d    public onDismissedBySwipe(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int[])
  u    public canSwipe(int)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$15
===============================================================================
  m    public onScrollStateChanged(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int)
  t    public onScrolled(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$15$1
===============================================================================
  onAnimationCancel    public onAnimationCancel(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.animation.Animator)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$15$2
===============================================================================
  onAnimationCancel    public onAnimationCancel(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.animation.Animator)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$15$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_al)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$16
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$17
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$18
===============================================================================
  onLongClick  public onLongClick(android.view.View)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$2
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$3
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$4
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$5
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$6
===============================================================================
  t    public onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  z    public onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$7
===============================================================================
  a    public onClose()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$8
===============================================================================
  f    public onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  s    public onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$9
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$9$1
===============================================================================
  onAnimationCancel    public onAnimationCancel(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.animation.Animator)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$9$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$ClipCardAdapter        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$n)
===============================================================================
  c        public getItemCount()
  c        public volatile onBindViewHolder(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int)
  d        public remove(java.lang.String)
  eval_j   public remove(int)
  h        public onBindViewHolder(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$ClipCardAdapter$ClipCardViewHolder,int)
  h        static access$1802(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$ClipCardAdapter,boolean)
  q        public remove(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObject)
  q        public add(int,com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObject)
  r        private setAnimation(android.view.View,int)
  z        public onCreateViewHolder(android.view.ViewGroup,int)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$ClipCardAdapter$1      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$n$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$ClipCardAdapter$2      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$n$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$ClipCardAdapter$3      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$n$3)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$ClipCardAdapter$4      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$n$4)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$ClipCardAdapter$ClipCardViewHolder     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$n$f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$ClipCardAdapter$NullPointerException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_y8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMain$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_sz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMainDialog  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qs)
===============================================================================
  eval_o               protected setStarredIcon()
  l                    protected addClickStringAction(android.content.Context,com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObject,int,android.view.View)
  n                    protected addLongClickStringAction(android.content.Context,com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObject,int,android.view.View)
  o                    protected setActionIcon(android.widget.ImageButton)
  onCreate             protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu  public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onNewIntent          protected onNewIntent(android.content.Intent)
  onPause              protected onPause()
  onResume             protected onResume()
  setContentView       public setContentView(int)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMainDialog$1        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qs$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMainDialog$2        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qs$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMainDialog$3        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qs$3)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivityMainDialog$NullPointerException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ch)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivitySetting
===============================================================================
  h                static access$000(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivitySetting)
  i                public initSharedPrefListener()
  k                private checkAccessibilityPermission()
  s                static access$100(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivitySetting)
  onCreate         protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onPause          protected onPause()
  onResume         protected onResume()
  setContentView   public setContentView(int)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivitySetting$1
===============================================================================
  onSharedPreferenceChanged    public onSharedPreferenceChanged(android.content.SharedPreferences,java.lang.String)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivitySetting$2
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivitySetting$3
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivitySetting$4
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ActivitySetting$ParseException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.AppWidget
===============================================================================
  e            public static updateAllAppWidget(android.content.Context)
  e            private static updateAppWidget(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager,int)
  onDisabled   public onDisabled(android.content.Context)
  onEnabled    public onEnabled(android.content.Context)
  onUpdate     public onUpdate(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager,int[])

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.AppWidget$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_kg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.AppWidgetRemoteViewsFactory (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_b4)
===============================================================================
  getCount         public getCount()
  getItemId        public getItemId(int)
  getLoadingView   public getLoadingView()
  getViewAt        public getViewAt(int)
  getViewTypeCount public getViewTypeCount()
  hasStableIds     public hasStableIds()
  onCreate         public onCreate()
  onDataSetChanged public onDataSetChanged()
  onDestroy        public onDestroy()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.AppWidgetRemoteViewsFactory$Exception       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.AppWidgetService    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval__8)
===============================================================================
  onGetViewFactory public onGetViewFactory(android.content.Intent)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.AppWidgetService$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ez)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.BackupExport        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_zu)
===============================================================================
  e    private static getBackupStorage(android.content.Context,java.util.Date)
  m    private static isExternalStorageWritable()
  p    public static makeExport(android.content.Context,java.util.Date,java.util.Date,boolean,boolean)
  u    private static isExternalStorageReadable()
  y    private static makeNotification(android.content.Context,java.io.File,boolean)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.BackupExport$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_e5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.BackupObject        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xx)
===============================================================================
  b    private static humanReadableByteCount(long,boolean)
  e    public makeImport()
  l    public init(java.io.File)
  p    public getBackupDateString()
  q    public getBackupSize()
  u    public openInEditor()
  w    public delete()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.BackupObject$Exception      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_ml)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.BuildConfig (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.BuildConfig$IOException     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_xl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.CBWatcherService
===============================================================================
  b                static access$100(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.CBWatcherService)
  f                private checkNotificationPermission()
  f                static access$210(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.CBWatcherService)
  i                private performClipboardCheck()
  k                private showNotification()
  o                static access$000(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.CBWatcherService)
  t                private bindJobScheduler()
  u                private readPreference()
  x                private showSingleNotification()
  onBind           public onBind(android.content.Intent)
  onCreate         public onCreate()
  onDestroy        public onDestroy()
  onStartCommand   public onStartCommand(android.content.Intent,int,int)
  startCBService   public static startCBService(android.content.Context,boolean)
  startCBService   public static startCBService(android.content.Context,boolean,boolean)
  startCBService   public static startCBService(android.content.Context,boolean,boolean,int)
  startCBService   public static startCBService(android.content.Context,int)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.CBWatcherService$1
===============================================================================
  onPrimaryClipChanged public onPrimaryClipChanged()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.CBWatcherService$2
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.CBWatcherService$IOException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_wz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.CBWatcherService$NotificationClipListAdapter        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.CBWatcherService$t)
===============================================================================
  k    public addClips(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObject)
  p    public getWearNotifications()
  s    public build()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObject  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_x1)
===============================================================================
  d    public getText()
  k    public isStarred()
  o    public getDate()
  q    public setStarred(boolean)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObject$ParseException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_nd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObjectActionBridge      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_du)
===============================================================================
  k                private shareText(java.lang.String)
  l                private starText(java.lang.String)
  m                private changeWidgetStarredStatus()
  m                private editText(java.lang.String)
  p                private openMainDialogActivity()
  w                private copyText(java.lang.String)
  onCreate         public onCreate()
  onHandleIntent   protected onHandleIntent(android.content.Intent)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObjectActionBridge$1    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_du$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObjectActionBridge$Exception    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.DbBackupHelper      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_iq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.DbBackupHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ExperienceEnhanceService
===============================================================================
  d                    private stopFloatingWindow()
  e                    static access$100(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ExperienceEnhanceService)
  p                    static access$002(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ExperienceEnhanceService,boolean)
  v                    private startFloatingWindow()
  w                    static access$000(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ExperienceEnhanceService)
  onAccessibilityEvent public onAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInterrupt          public onInterrupt()
  onServiceConnected   protected onServiceConnected()
  onUnbind             public onUnbind(android.content.Intent)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ExperienceEnhanceService$1
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ExperienceEnhanceService$1$1
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ExperienceEnhanceService$1$IOException      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ExperienceEnhanceService$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.FloatingWindowService
===============================================================================
  e                static access$000(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.FloatingWindowService)
  eval_y           static access$100(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.FloatingWindowService)
  k                private checkPermission()
  n                static access$300(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.FloatingWindowService)
  o                static access$200(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.FloatingWindowService)
  q                static access$302(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.FloatingWindowService,boolean)
  r                private FWHideAnimate()
  s                static access$400(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.FloatingWindowService)
  t                static access$202(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.FloatingWindowService,boolean)
  u                static access$500(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.FloatingWindowService)
  w                private FWShowAnimate()
  onBind           public onBind(android.content.Intent)
  onCreate         public onCreate()
  onDestroy        public onDestroy()
  onStartCommand   public onStartCommand(android.content.Intent,int,int)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.FloatingWindowService$1
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.FloatingWindowService$2
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.FloatingWindowService$3
===============================================================================
  onLongClick  public onLongClick(android.view.View)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.FloatingWindowService$4
===============================================================================
  onTouch  public onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.FloatingWindowService$IOException   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_lv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.GoogleBackupAgent   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_h7)
===============================================================================
  onCreate public onCreate()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.GoogleBackupAgent$Exception (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_u_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.LaunchServiceAtStartup
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.LaunchServiceAtStartup$Exception    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_r2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyActionBarActivity (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qw)
===============================================================================
  b            protected onShowKeyboard(int)
  c            public getScreenWidthPixels()
  eval_x       public getScreenOrientation()
  eval_y       public getScreenHeightPixels()
  g            protected attachKeyboardListeners()
  g            public static removeOnGlobalLayoutListener(android.view.View,android.view.ViewTreeObserver$OnGlobalLayoutListener)
  h            static access$102(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyActionBarActivity,boolean)
  i            protected onHideKeyboard()
  j            public static setOverflowButtonColor(android.app.Activity,int)
  n            static access$100(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyActionBarActivity)
  z            static access$000(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyActionBarActivity)
  getIntent    public getIntent()
  onCreate     protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onDestroy    protected onDestroy()
  onKeyDown    public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyUp      public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onNewIntent  protected onNewIntent(android.content.Intent)
  onPause      protected onPause()
  onResume     protected onResume()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyActionBarActivity$1       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qw$1)
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyActionBarActivity$2       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_qw$2)
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyActionBarActivity$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_g4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyPreferenceActivity        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_vc)
===============================================================================
  onKeyDown    public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyUp      public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onPause      protected onPause()
  onResume     protected onResume()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyPreferenceActivity$ParseException (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_hp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyUtil      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jp)
===============================================================================
  b    public static getFormatTime(android.content.Context,java.util.Date)
  d    public static getLocalSharedPreferences(android.content.Context)
  e    public static requestBackup(android.content.Context)
  f    public static dip2px(android.content.Context,float)
  h    public static isMyServiceRunning(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
  i    public static vibrator(android.content.Context)
  i    public static getFormatTimeWithSecond(android.content.Context,java.util.Date)
  k    public static stringLengthCut(java.lang.String)
  p    public static getFormatDate(android.content.Context,java.util.Date)
  s    public static px2dip(android.content.Context,float)
  s    public static stringLengthCut(java.lang.String,int)
  w    public static isAccessibilityEnabled(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyUtil$IOException  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_mc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.MyUtil$ResizeWidthAnimation (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_jp$u)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  protected applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)
  initialize           public initialize(int,int,int,int)
  willChangeBounds     public willChangeBounds()

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$IOException       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_a7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$anim      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$animator  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$array     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$eval_d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$attr      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$bool      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$color     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$dimen     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$drawable  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$eval_t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$id        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$integer   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$eval_k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$layout    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$l)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$menu      (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$eval_g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$string    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$style     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$styleable (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$transition        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$z)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.R$xml       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_pz$_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.Storage     (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w5)
===============================================================================
  a        private addClipHistory(java.lang.String)
  a        public importClips(java.util.ArrayList)
  b        private addClipHistory(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObject)
  c        public updateSystemClipboard()
  d        private open()
  e        public deleteAllClipHistory()
  e        private deleteClipHistoryBefore(float)
  eval_l   public getClipHistory(int)
  eval_u   public modifyClip(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  eval_z   public getStarredClipHistory()
  f        private getClipObjectFromString(java.lang.String)
  g        private close()
  h        public cleanUpAndRequestBackup()
  j        private deleteClipHistory(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObject)
  j        public getClipHistory(java.lang.String)
  l        public getClipHistory()
  l        public static updateDbBroadcast(android.content.Context,java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.String)
  m        public changeClipStarStatus(java.lang.String)
  n        public changeClipStarStatus(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObject)
  n        private refreshAllTypeOfList(java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.String)
  n        public isClipObjectStarred(java.lang.String)
  p        private deleteClipHistory(java.lang.String)
  s        private sqliteEscape(java.lang.String)
  u        public static getInstance(android.content.Context)
  u        public isClipObjectStarred(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.ClipObject)
  u        public modifyClip(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
  w        public getLatsUpdateDate()
  w        public getStarredClipHistory(java.lang.String)
  y        public getStarredClipHistory(int)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.Storage$Exception   (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_th)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.Storage$StorageHelper       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_w5$s)
===============================================================================
  onCreate     public onCreate(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase)
  onDowngrade  public onDowngrade(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase,int,int)
  onUpgrade    public onUpgrade(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase,int,int)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener  (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv)
===============================================================================
  a        private handleTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  c        private performDismiss(android.view.View,int)
  d        static access$200(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener)
  eval_r   static access$106(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener)
  f        static access$100(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener)
  f        static access$000(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener,android.view.View,int)
  g        static access$300(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener)
  q        public onTouchEvent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.MotionEvent)
  q        static access$502(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener,int)
  t        static access$102(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener,int)
  u        public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.MotionEvent)
  u        public setEnabled(boolean)
  w        static access$600(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener)
  x        static access$400(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$1        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv$1)
===============================================================================
  m    public onScrollStateChanged(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int)
  t    public onScrolled(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$2        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv$2)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd   public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$3        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv$3)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd   public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$4        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv$4)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationUpdate    public onAnimationUpdate(android.animation.ValueAnimator)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$5        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv$5)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd   public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$6        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv$6)
===============================================================================
  onTouch  public onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_uj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$PendingDismissData       (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv$q)
===============================================================================
  n            public compareTo(com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$PendingDismissData)
  compareTo    public volatile compareTo(java.lang.Object)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SwipeableRecyclerViewTouchListener$SwipeListener    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_yv$f)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract onDismissedBySwipe(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int[])
  u    public abstract canSwipe(int)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SyncJobService
===============================================================================
  onStartJob   public onStartJob(android.app.job.JobParameters)
  onStopJob    public onStopJob(android.app.job.JobParameters)

com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.SyncJobService$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager.eval_eu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of Fields : 6460
  Renamed to eval_v : 141 (2.2%)
  Renamed to eval_w : 139 (2.2%)
  Renamed to eval_n : 133 (2.1%)
  Renamed to eval_k : 129 (2.0%)
  Renamed to eval_c : 127 (2.0%)
  Renamed to eval_j : 127 (2.0%)
  Renamed to eval_s : 127 (2.0%)
  Renamed to eval_z : 126 (2.0%)
  Renamed to eval_l : 125 (1.9%)
  Renamed to eval_o : 125 (1.9%)

Number of Methods : 10072
  Renamed to e : 360 (3.6%)
  Renamed to x : 322 (3.2%)
  Renamed to c : 313 (3.1%)
  Renamed to o : 308 (3.1%)
  Renamed to k : 305 (3.0%)
  Renamed to u : 298 (3.0%)
  Renamed to j : 292 (2.9%)
  Renamed to z : 292 (2.9%)
  Renamed to g : 289 (2.9%)
  Renamed to b : 282 (2.8%)

