New Name                         Original Name
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$b public abstract android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$Callback
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$e public android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$f public abstract interface android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$Duration
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$b$_       public abstract interface android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$Callback$DismissEvent
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$e$h       abstract interface android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout$OnLayoutChangeListener
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$e$r       abstract interface android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout$OnAttachStateChangeListener
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$r     public abstract interface android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$OnOffsetChangedListener
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$z     public android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$LayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.j    public final android.support.design.BuildConfig
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$z$i   public abstract interface android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$LayoutParams$ScrollFlags
android.support.design.widget.HeaderBehavior$_   android.support.design.widget.HeaderBehavior$FlingRunnable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__       public android.support.design.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a       public android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b       public android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c       public android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d       public android.support.design.internal.NavigationSubMenu
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e       public android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f       public android.support.design.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g       public android.support.design.BuildConfig$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h       public android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i       public android.support.design.widget.AnimationUtils$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k       public android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l       public android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m       public android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n       public android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenu
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o       android.support.design.widget.AnimationUtils
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p       public android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q       public android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r       public android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$SavedState$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s       public android.support.design.internal.ParcelableSparseArray
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t       public android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenu$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u       public android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$SavedState$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v       public android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$LayoutParams$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w       public android.support.design.internal.ParcelableSparseArray$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x       public android.support.design.internal.NavigationSubMenu$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y       public android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetDialog
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z       public android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$ParseException
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$d      public abstract interface android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$State
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$v      public android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$SavedState
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$x      public abstract android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$BottomSheetCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__1      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__2      public android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__3      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi22$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__4      android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatJB
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5      public final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__6      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__7      abstract android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityDonut
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__8      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__9      android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatApi20
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval___      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__a      android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__b      android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompatKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__c      public android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__d      public android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompatHoneycomb$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__e      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplApi21$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__f      public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJellybeanMr2$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__g      public android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__h      android.support.v4.util.ContainerHelpers
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__i      android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__j      public android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__k      public android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterFactory$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__l      public android.support.v4.content.ExecutorCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__m      public android.support.v4.os.OperationCanceledException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__n      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__p      public abstract interface android.support.v4.animation.ValueAnimatorCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__q      android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperEclair
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__r      public android.support.v13.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__s      public android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__t      public android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignal$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__u      public final android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__v      public android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__w      public android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatEclair$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__x      public android.support.v4.os.IResultReceiver$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__y      public android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatApi23$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__z      public android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityEclair$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a0      public android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompatKitKat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a1      public android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a2      public final android.support.v13.BuildConfig
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a3      public android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompatApi23$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a4      public android.support.v4.view.animation.FastOutLinearInInterpolator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a5      android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJellybeanMr2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a6      public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a7      android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompatApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a8      public android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a9      android.support.v4.media.IMediaBrowserServiceAdapterApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a_      android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_aa      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ab      android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ac      public android.support.v4.app.BundleCompatDonut$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ad      public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ae      public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_af      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ag      public android.support.v4.content.CursorLoader
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ah      public android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ai      android.support.graphics.drawable.TypedArrayUtils
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_aj      public android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ak      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_al      public android.support.design.widget.ViewUtils$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_am      android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatICS
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_an      public android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingChild$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ao      android.support.design.widget.ThemeUtils
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ap      public android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompatKitKat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_aq      public android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ar      public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_as      android.support.design.widget.MathUtils
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_at      public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_au      android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICS
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_av      android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_aw      public android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ax      public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatApi20$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ay      public android.support.v4.app.ServiceCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_az      public android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$5$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b0      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b1      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b2      public android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatICS$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b3      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b4      android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJB
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b5      public final android.support.v4.util.CircularArray
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b6      public android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b7      public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b8      public android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b9      public final android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b_      public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ba      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityWindowInfoCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bb      public android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatHoneycomb$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bc      public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bd      public abstract interface android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.TintAwareDrawable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_be      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bf      android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompatHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bg      public abstract android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bh      public final android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bi      android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bj      android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatMarshmallow
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bk      public android.support.percent.PercentRelativeLayout$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bl      public abstract android.support.v13.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bm      android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompatJellybeanMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bn      public android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorListenerCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bo      android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatIcsMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bp      public android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatIcsMr1$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bq      public abstract android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_br      android.support.v4.provider.TreeDocumentFile
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bs      public android.support.v4.content.Loader
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bt      public android.support.v4.widget.TintableCompoundButton$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bu      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatUtils$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bv      android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bw      public android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bx      public android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompatDonut$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_by      final android.support.design.widget.StateListAnimator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bz      public final android.support.v4.app.ServiceCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c0      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c1      public final android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c2      public abstract interface android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c3      public android.support.design.widget.ShadowDrawableWrapper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c4      android.support.v4.content.ContentResolverCompatJellybean
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c5      public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c6      public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c7      public android.support.v4.view.animation.FastOutSlowInInterpolator$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c8      public android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c9      android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c_      public android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompatIcs$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ca      android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatJB
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cb      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cc      public android.support.v4.content.SharedPreferencesCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cd      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ce      final android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cf      public android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$Callback$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cg      public android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ch      public android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ci      public android.support.v13.app.FragmentPagerAdapter$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cj      public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ck      public android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cl      public android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cm      public final android.support.v4.widget.ListViewCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cn      android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_co      public final android.support.v4.content.pm.ActivityInfoCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cp      public final android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cq      public android.support.v4.os.TraceCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cr      public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi23$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cs      public android.support.percent.PercentLayoutHelper$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ct      public android.support.v4.animation.ValueAnimatorCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cu      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityWindowInfoCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cv      public android.support.v4.view.animation.LinearOutSlowInInterpolator$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cw      public android.support.v4.util.CircularIntArray$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cx      public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.TintableBackgroundView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cy      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cz      public android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorProvider$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d0      public android.support.v4.media.IMediaBrowserServiceAdapterApi21$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d1      android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d2      public android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d3      public android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi22$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4      public final android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d5      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d6      public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d7      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d8      public final android.support.graphics.drawable.BuildConfig
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d9      android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatHoneycombMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d_      public android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_da      android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_db      public android.support.v4.os.IResultReceiver$Stub$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dc      public android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dd      public android.support.v4.app.Fragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_de      public android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompatLollipop$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_df      public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dg      public android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dh      public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_di      public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.TintableCompoundButton
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dj      android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dk      public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dl      public android.support.v4.app.BundleUtil$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dm      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dn      android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_do      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dp      android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dq      android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dr      android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ds      android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dt      public android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompatImplEclairMr1$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_du      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi21$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dv      public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatGingerbread$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dw      public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICS$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dx      public android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dy      android.support.design.widget.ViewOffsetHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dz      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatApi23$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e0      android.support.design.widget.CircularBorderDrawable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e1      public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e2      public android.support.v4.util.ContainerHelpers$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e3      android.support.v4.media.IMediaBrowserServiceCallbacksAdapterApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e4      public android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompatBase$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e5      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatApi23$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e6      public android.support.design.widget.CircularBorderDrawableLollipop$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e7      public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e8      public android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatICS$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e9      public abstract android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e_      android.support.v4.app.BundleCompatDonut
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ea      public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb      public final android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ec      public android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ed      public android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$SlidingTabStrip$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ee      public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatIcs$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ef      public android.support.v4.content.res.TypedArrayUtils
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eg      public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eh      android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatGingerbread
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ei      android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ej      public android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompatJellybeanMr1$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ek      public android.support.v4.view.animation.LookupTableInterpolator$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_el      public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_em      android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperDonut
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_en      public android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eo      android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ep      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eq      public android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_er      public android.support.v4.app.BackStackState$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_es      android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_et      android.support.v4.view.GravityCompatJellybeanMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eu      public android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ev      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ew      android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatDonut
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ex      android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ey      public android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatLollipop$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ez      android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatGingerbread
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f0      public final android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1      android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2      public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f3      abstract android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f4      final android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerJellybeanMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f5      public android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityDonut$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f6      public final android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f7      public final android.support.v4.content.PermissionChecker
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f8      public final android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f9      public final android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f_      public android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatHoneycombMr1$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fa      public android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fb      public android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompatLollipop$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fc      public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fd      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fe      public android.support.v4.database.DatabaseUtilsCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ff      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatBase$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fg      android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fh      public final android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fi      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi22
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fj      android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fk      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fl      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fm      android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fn      public android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fo      android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatGingerbread
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fp      android.support.design.widget.ViewGroupUtilsHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fq      android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2Stub
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fr      public android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fs      android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft      final android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu      public android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fv      android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fw      public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fx      abstract android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCommon
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fy      public android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fz      final android.support.v4.app.BackStackState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g0      public android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g1      public abstract android.support.v7.app.ActionBar
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g2      android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperLollipop
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g3      public final android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g4      android.support.v4.app.NoSaveStateFrameLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g5      public android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingParentHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g6      public android.support.v4.provider.RawDocumentFile$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g7      public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g8      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatKitKat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g9      android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g_      public android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ga      public final android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gb      public abstract interface android.support.v4.os.IResultReceiver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gc      public android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatJb$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gd      public android.support.percent.PercentFrameLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ge      public android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.BuildConfig$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gf      android.support.v4.media.RatingCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gg      public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gh      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gi      public android.support.design.widget.NavigationView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gj      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gk      public android.support.v4.view.MenuCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gl      public final android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gm      public android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gn      android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_go      public android.support.v4.app.AppLaunchChecker
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gp      public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListenerAdapter$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gq      public final android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gr      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatLollipop$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gs      public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gt      public final android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gu      public android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gv      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gw      public android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi23$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gx      public final android.support.v4.view.InputDeviceCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gy      public android.support.design.widget.TextInputEditText$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gz      public android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h0      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h1      public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h2      public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h3      public android.support.v4.util.CircularArray$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h4      public final android.support.v4.content.ParallelExecutorCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h5      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h6      public android.support.v4.widget.ListViewCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h7      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h8      public android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatJbMr1$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h9      public android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompatJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h_      android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompatLollipop
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ha      public android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatEclair$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hb      public abstract interface android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorListenerCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hc      public android.support.v4.content.PermissionChecker$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd      public android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_he      public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatHoneycomb$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hf      public android.support.v4.widget.Space
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hg      android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatEclairMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hh      public android.support.percent.BuildConfig$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hi      android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hj      public android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hk      public abstract android.support.v4.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hl      android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatFroyo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hm      public android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayoutInsetsHelperLollipop$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hn      abstract android.support.v4.view.animation.LookupTableInterpolator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ho      abstract interface android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hp      public android.support.v4.widget.ListViewAutoScrollHelper$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hq      public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hr      android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonEclairMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hs      public android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ht      android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hu      public android.support.design.widget.ViewOffsetHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hv      android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hw      android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hx      android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatJbMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hy      public android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hz      public android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i0      android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonLollipop
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i1      public android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatKitKat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i2      android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompatLollipop
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i3      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaButtonReceiver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i4      android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatICS
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i5      public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatJellybean$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6      public android.support.design.widget.TabLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i7      public android.support.v4.widget.ListViewCompatDonut$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i8      android.support.v4.widget.ListViewCompatDonut
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i9      public android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i_      public android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ia      public android.support.design.widget.CollapsingTextHelper$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ib      public final android.support.v4.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ic      public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatHoneycomb$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_id      public final android.support.v4.content.ContentResolverCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ie      android.support.v4.media.ParceledListSliceAdapterApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_if      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$MediaBrowserServiceAdaptorApi23$ServiceBinderProxyApi23$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ig      public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ih      public android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorUpdateListenerCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ii      public android.support.graphics.drawable.AnimatedVectorDrawableCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ij      public android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ik      public android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_il      public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_im      public android.support.design.widget.ViewUtilsLollipop$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_in      public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_io      public android.support.v4.content.ParallelExecutorCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ip      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iq      public final android.support.v4.app.BundleCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ir      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$MediaBrowserServiceAdaptorApi23$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_is      public android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_it      public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iu      public android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$Behavior$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iv      public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iw      android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatJellyBeanMr2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ix      public android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iy      public android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iz      public android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0      public final android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j1      public android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j2      public android.support.v4.util.Pools$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j3      public android.support.v4.content.ContentResolverCompatJellybean$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j4      public android.support.v4.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j5      public android.support.v4.content.ContentResolverCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j6      public android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j7      public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j8      public abstract android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j9      public final android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j_      public abstract android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ja      public final android.support.v4.database.DatabaseUtilsCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jb      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatJellybeanMr1$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jc      public android.support.v4.view.animation.PathInterpolatorDonut$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jd      public abstract interface android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_je      public android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jf      public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatICS$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jg      public android.support.design.widget.TabItem$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jh      public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ji      android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jj      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jk      public android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jl      public final android.support.percent.BuildConfig
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jm      android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatLollipop
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jn      android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatJbMr2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jo      public android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jp      public android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jq      public android.support.v4.util.LongSparseArray
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jr      public android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_js      public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jt      public android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ju      android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jv      android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignalCompatJellybean
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw      public final android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jx      public android.support.design.widget.HeaderScrollingViewBehavior$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jy      public android.support.v4.app.NoSaveStateFrameLayout$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jz      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellyBean$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k0      public android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k1      public android.support.design.widget.CircularBorderDrawable$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k2      public android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetDialog$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k3      android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k4      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperLollipop$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k5      public android.support.v4.media.IMediaBrowserServiceCallbacksAdapterApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k6      android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k7      public android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k8      public android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k9      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k_      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ka      public android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompatICS$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kb      public final android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kc      public android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kd      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompatKitKat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ke      public android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kf      public android.support.v4.content.res.TypedArrayUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kg      android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kh      public android.support.v4.view.TintableBackgroundView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ki      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcsMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kj      public android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kk      public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingChild
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kl      public android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_km      android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi19
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kn      android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ko      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kp      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemCallback$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kq      public android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi19$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kr      public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListenerAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ks      public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kt      public android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ku      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi23$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kv      public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kw      android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatJellyBean
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kx      public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ky      android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kz      android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompatHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l0      public android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayoutInsetsHelper$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l2      public android.support.design.widget.TextInputEditText
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l3      public android.support.v4.widget.ListViewAutoScrollHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l4      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l5      public android.support.v4.util.AtomicFile
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l6      public android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l7      android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l8      android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l9      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapper$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l_      public android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCommon$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_la      public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lb      public final android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lc      public android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ld      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_le      android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lf      public abstract interface android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lg      android.support.graphics.drawable.AndroidResources
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lh      public android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_li      public android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lj      public android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lk      public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ll      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatJB$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lm      public final android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ln      public final android.support.v4.util.CircularIntArray
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lo      public android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lp      android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatEclair
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lq      abstract interface android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorProvider
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lr      android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ls      public abstract android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lt      android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lu      public android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetDialogFragment$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lv      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lw      android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lx      public android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ly      public android.support.v4.widget.ListViewCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lz      public android.support.v4.widget.SwipeProgressBar$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m0      android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m1      public android.support.percent.PercentRelativeLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m2      public android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m3      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m4      public abstract android.support.v4.media.TransportController
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m5      android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m6      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatIcs$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m7      public abstract android.support.v4.provider.DocumentFile
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m8      public android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi23$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m9      public android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider$DonutFloatValueAnimator$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m_      android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatJellybeanMR2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ma      public android.support.design.widget.ViewGroupUtilsHoneycomb$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mb      public abstract android.support.v4.media.TransportPerformer
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mc      public android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat23$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_md      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_me      android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatJellybeanMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mf      android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mg      public final android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mh      public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mi      public android.support.v4.util.LogWriter$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mj      public android.support.v4.animation.HoneycombMr1AnimatorCompatProvider$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mk      android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatIcsMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ml      android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mm      android.support.design.widget.ViewGroupUtils
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mn      public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mo      public android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonIcs$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mp      public android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatHoneycomb$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mq      android.support.v4.content.EditorCompatGingerbread
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mr      public android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ms      public android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatJbMr2$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mt      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi23$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mu      public android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatGingerbread$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mv      public android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$SavedState$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mw      public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mx      abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_my      public android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompatApi21$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mz      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n0      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n1      public android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n2      public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2Stub$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n3      public final android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n4      public android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatApi23$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n5      public android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n6      public final android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n7      android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi8
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n8      public abstract android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n9      public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatEclairMr1$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n_      public android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_na      android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nb      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nc      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nd      public android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ne      public android.support.v4.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nf      public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ng      android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompatDonut
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nh      android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICSMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ni      public android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nj      public android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatIcsMr1$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nk      public android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonLollipop$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nl      public android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nm      public android.support.v4.media.ParceledListSliceAdapterApi21$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nn      public final android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_no      android.support.v4.provider.RawDocumentFile
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_np      public abstract interface android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorUpdateListenerCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nq      public android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatJellyBeanMr2$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nr      public android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Impl$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ns      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcsMr1$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nt      public android.support.v4.media.TransportController$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nu      public android.support.v4.content.SharedPreferencesCompat$EditorCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nv      android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompatImplEclairMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nw      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$MediaBrowserServiceAdaptorApi21$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nx      android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ny      android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nz      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o0      public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o1      android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o2      public android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityHoneycomb$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o3      abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o4      final android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o5      public android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o6      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o7      public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o8      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatIcs$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o9      public final android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorCompatHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o_      public final android.support.v4.app.AppOpsManagerCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oa      public final android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ob      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaButtonReceiver$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oc      public android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_od      public android.support.v4.util.SparseArrayCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oe      android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatLollipop
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_of      public android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatDonut$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_og      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oh      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi      public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oj      public android.support.v4.provider.DocumentFile$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ok      android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatHoneycombMR2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ol      android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_om      public android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_on      public android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatApi21$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oo      android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatLollipop
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_op      android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatFroyo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oq      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SubscriptionCallbackApi21$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_or      public android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os      abstract android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ot      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ou      public android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ov      public android.support.design.widget.ViewOffsetBehavior$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ow      android.support.v4.os.TraceJellybeanMR2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ox      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ConnectionCallback$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oy      abstract android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityEclair
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oz      public android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p0      public android.support.v4.app.BundleCompatJellybeanMR2$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p1      public android.support.v4.graphics.ColorUtils$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p2      public android.support.v4.view.WindowCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p3      public android.support.v4.media.TransportPerformer$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p4      public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatLollipop$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p5      public final android.support.v4.app.NavUtils
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p6      android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p7      public abstract interface android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p8      android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p9      public android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p_      public android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pa      public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pb      public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pc      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pd      android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompatKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pe      public android.support.v4.app.AppOpsManagerCompat23$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pf      public final android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pg      public android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ph      android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderJellybean
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pi      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pj      public android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pk      public android.support.v4.util.Pair$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pl      public android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi21$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pm      android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pn      public android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_po      android.support.v4.view.animation.PathInterpolatorDonut
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pp      android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pq      android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompatKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pr      public android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ps      public android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingParent$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pt      android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pu      public android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pv      public android.support.v4.util.LruCache
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pw      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_px      public android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderHoneycomb$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_py      public android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pz      android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatIceCreamSandwich
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q0      android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatHC
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q1      public android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorCompatHelper$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q2      final android.support.v4.app.FragmentState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q3      android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatGingerbread
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4      android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi22
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q5      public abstract android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q6      public android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatIcs$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q7      public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q8      android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q9      public android.support.v4.util.TimeUtils$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q_      android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qa      public final android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qb      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi23$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qc      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperEclair$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qd      public final android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qe      android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qf      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat22$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg      public final android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qh      android.support.v4.widget.ListViewCompatKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qi      public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi21$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qj      public final android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qk      android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ql      public android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qm      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatJellyBean$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qn      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityWindowInfoCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qo      public android.support.v4.util.Pair
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qp      android.support.design.widget.CircularBorderDrawableLollipop
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qq      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatEclair$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qr      public android.support.v4.view.animation.LinearOutSlowInInterpolator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qs      android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qt      android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qu      public android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatFroyo$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qv      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qw      public android.support.v4.widget.Space$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx      public android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qy      public android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qz      public abstract android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r0      android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r1      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentController$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r2      public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatLollipop$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r3      public android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r4      abstract android.support.v4.util.MapCollections
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r5      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatEclair$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r6      public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatMarshmallow$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r7      android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompatBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r8      public android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICS$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r9      public android.support.v4.provider.TreeDocumentFile$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r_      public android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingParentHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ra      public android.support.v4.view.InputDeviceCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rb      public abstract android.support.v13.app.FragmentPagerAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rc      android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rd      android.support.v4.app.AppOpsManagerCompat23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_re      android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rf      android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rg      public android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingChildHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rh      android.support.v4.app.NavUtilsJB
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ri      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi22$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rj      public android.support.v4.util.LogWriter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rk      android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rl      public final android.support.design.widget.TabItem
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rm      public android.support.v4.animation.HoneycombMr1AnimatorCompatProvider$HoneycombValueAnimatorCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rn      public final android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ro      public android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatIcs$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rp      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperKitKat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rq      abstract interface android.support.design.widget.ShadowViewDelegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rr      public final android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rs      public final android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rt      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ru      public android.support.v4.content.Loader$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rv      public android.support.design.widget.ThemeUtils$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rw      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rx      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rz      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s0      public android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerJellybeanMr1$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1      public abstract android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s2      public android.support.v4.app.Fragment
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s3      public android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s4      public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterFactory
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s5      android.support.v4.app.BundleCompatJellybeanMR2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6      public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s7      public abstract android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s8      public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatGingerbread$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s9      public android.support.design.widget.ShadowViewDelegate$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s_      android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sa      android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatHoneycombMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb      android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sc      android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sd      final android.support.v4.widget.SwipeProgressBar
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_se      public final android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignal
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sf      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr1$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sg      public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatJellybean$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sh      public final android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_si      public android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sj      android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sk      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sl      public final android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sm      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sn      public android.support.v4.util.LruCache$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_so      public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sp      public android.support.v4.util.LongSparseArray$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq      public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sr      public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatHoneycombMr1$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ss      public android.support.v4.view.ScrollingView$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_st      public android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_su      public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sv      public android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sw      public android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderJellybean$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sx      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sy      public abstract interface android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sz      public android.support.v4.content.pm.ActivityInfoCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t0      android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatGingerbread
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t1      android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatJellybean
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t2      public android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonEclairMr1$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t3      public android.support.percent.PercentLayoutHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t4      android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t5      android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatLollipop
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t6      android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t7      final android.support.design.widget.CollapsingTextHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t8      public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ScrollingView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9      public final android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t_      public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ta      public android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tb      android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompatICS
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tc      public final android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_td      public android.support.design.widget.DrawableUtils$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_te      android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompatKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tf      public final android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tg      public android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_th      public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ti      public android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatLollipop$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tj      android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompatJellybeanMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tk      public android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tl      android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm      public android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tn      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_to      public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tp      public android.support.design.widget.VisibilityAwareImageButton$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tq      public final android.support.v4.view.MenuCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tr      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ts      public android.support.v4.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompatBase$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tt      public android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tu      android.support.v4.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompatBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tv      public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tw      public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatKitKat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tx      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ty      public android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tz      public android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u0      public android.support.v4.os.TraceJellybeanMR2$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u1      public android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u2      public final android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u3      android.support.design.widget.ShadowDrawableWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u4      android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompatHC
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u5      public android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatGingerbread$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u6      android.support.design.widget.DrawableUtils
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u7      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u8      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u9      public android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u_      public final android.support.v4.util.Pools
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ua      android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatJellybean
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ub      public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatBase$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uc      public android.support.v4.provider.SingleDocumentFile$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ud      public android.support.v4.view.GravityCompatJellybeanMr1$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ue      android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uf      android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatJb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ug      public android.support.design.widget.ViewGroupUtils$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uh      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatKitKat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ui      public android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uj      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uk      public final android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ul      public android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_um      public abstract android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_un      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uo      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable21$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_up      android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompatIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uq      public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatLollipop$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ur      public final android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_us      public android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ut      public android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uu      android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uv      public android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uw      android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatICS
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ux      android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uy      android.support.v4.animation.HoneycombMr1AnimatorCompatProvider
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uz      public android.support.v13.BuildConfig$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v0      public android.support.v4.content.FileProvider
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v1      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v2      android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatEclair
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v3      public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentHostCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v4      android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v5      public android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v6      public android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v7      public android.support.v4.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v8      public android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v9      android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatEclair
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_      public final android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_va      public final android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vb      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperDonut$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vc      public android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompatImplHoneycombMr1$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vd      public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ve      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellyBean
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vf      public android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vg      android.support.v4.app.BundleUtil
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vh      public android.support.graphics.drawable.AnimatedVectorDrawableCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vi      android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vj      public abstract android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vk      android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vl      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImplApi23$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vm      public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vn      public android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompatICSMR1$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vo      public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vp      public android.support.v4.BuildConfig$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vq      public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vr      public final android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vs      public android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vt      android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatGingerbread
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vu      public android.support.design.widget.MathUtils$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vv      public android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vw      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vx      public android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompatKitKat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vy      android.support.v4.provider.SingleDocumentFile
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vz      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatUtils
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w0      android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatLollipop
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w1      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentHostCallback$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w2      public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatJellyBean$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w3      public android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w4      public android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingChildHelper$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w5      public final android.support.v4.os.TraceCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w6      public final android.support.v4.graphics.ColorUtils
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w7      android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayoutInsetsHelperLollipop
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w8      public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w9      android.support.design.widget.ViewUtilsLollipop
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w_      public android.support.v4.view.animation.FastOutSlowInInterpolator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wa      public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wb      public final android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.BuildConfig
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wc      android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wd      public android.support.design.widget.HeaderBehavior$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_we      public android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wf      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wg      public android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignalCompatJellybean$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wh      android.support.design.widget.ViewUtils
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wi      public android.support.v4.app.NavUtilsJB$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wj      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wk      public android.support.v4.os.OperationCanceledException$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wl      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wm      public android.support.graphics.drawable.TypedArrayUtils$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wn      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wo      android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompatImplHoneycombMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wp      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wq      public android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wr      public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ws      public android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wt      public android.support.v4.media.RatingCompatApi21$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wu      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$AnimateOnHWLayerIfNeededListener$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wv      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr2$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ww      android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatLollipop
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wx      public final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wy      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatGingerbread$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wz      public android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0      public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x1      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentController
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x2      public android.support.v4.app.SuperNotCalledException$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x3      public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x4      public android.support.v4.util.DebugUtils$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x5      android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x6      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatExtras$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x7      public android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$SavedState$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x8      public final android.support.v4.content.SharedPreferencesCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x9      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x_      android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatEclair
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xa      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xb      public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICSMr1$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xc      public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xd      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xe      public android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleJellybeanMR2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xf      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatJellyBean
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xg      public android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$BaseFragmentCompatImpl$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xh      public android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xi      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xj      public final android.support.v4.view.WindowCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xk      public android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xl      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xm      public final android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xn      public android.support.percent.PercentFrameLayout$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xo      public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xp      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xq      android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xr      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xs      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase$MediaServiceConnection$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xt      final android.support.v4.app.SuperNotCalledException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xu      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv      public android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xw      public android.support.graphics.drawable.AndroidResources$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xx      public final android.support.v4.BuildConfig
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xy      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xz      public android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y0      public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserProtocol$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y1      public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y2      public android.support.v4.content.EditorCompatGingerbread$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y3      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y4      android.support.v4.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompatApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y5      public android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y6      public android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatGingerbread$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y7      public android.support.v4.view.animation.FastOutLinearInInterpolator$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y8      public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.TintAwareDrawable$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y9      public android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y_      public android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorCallback$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ya      public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatFroyo$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yb      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yc      android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatHC
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yd      public android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ye      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yf      public abstract interface android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yg      public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yh      public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingParent
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yi      android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yj      public android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$Api23FingerprintManagerCompatImpl$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yk      public android.support.graphics.drawable.BuildConfig$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yl      public final android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ym      public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutImpl$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yn      public android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatIcs$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yo      public android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yp      public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yq      android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yr      public android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatApi23$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ys      public android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yt      public android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonImpl$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yu      android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleJellybeanMR2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yv      public final android.support.v4.util.TimeUtils
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yw      public android.support.v4.util.SparseArrayCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yx      public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yy      android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi22
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yz      public android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z0      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityWindowInfoCompatApi21$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z1      public android.support.v4.content.CursorLoader$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z2      public final android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z3      public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z4      public android.support.v4.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z5      android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z6      public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatJellybeanMR2$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z7      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z8      public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatExtras
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z9      android.support.v4.content.ExecutorCompatHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z_      public abstract android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_za      public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi8$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zb      public final android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zc      android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat22
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zd      public android.support.v4.app.AppLaunchChecker$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ze      public android.support.v4.app.ListFragment$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zf      android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zg      public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zh      public android.support.v4.util.AtomicFile$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zi      public android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zj      android.support.design.widget.VisibilityAwareImageButton
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zk      abstract android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zl      abstract interface android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayoutInsetsHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zm      android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserProtocol
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zn      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatIceCreamSandwich$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zo      public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatHoneycombMR2$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zp      public android.support.v4.app.BundleCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zq      android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zr      public android.support.design.widget.StateListAnimator$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zs      public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zt      public android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zu      android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompatICSMR1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zw      android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICS
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zx      public android.support.v4.util.DebugUtils
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zy      android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zz      public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$Exception
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$l     public abstract android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$OnVisibilityChangedListener
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$z     android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$ShadowDelegateImpl
android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior$_     public abstract interface android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior$OnDismissListener
android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior$n     android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior$SettleRunnable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__$1     android.support.design.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0s     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.InfoActivity
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v     android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__49     public android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__eu     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatBackgroundHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__fc     public android.support.v7.graphics.drawable.DrawerArrowDrawable$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__m6     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__me     public android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__oe     public android.support.v7.widget.TintContextWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__w4     public android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__we     android.support.v7.util.TileList
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__y2     public android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__y_     android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV11
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__z9     public android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a0u     android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatProgressBarHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a1w     public abstract interface com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.FragmentLifecycle
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a51     public android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a6y     public android.support.v7.widget.ViewUtils$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a7j     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSeekBarHelper$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a7q     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCompoundButtonHelper$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a80     public android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a_q     public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_aar     public final android.support.v7.recyclerview.BuildConfig
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ada     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_amq     public android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_arx     public abstract android.support.v7.view.menu.BaseMenuPresenter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_at2     public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_avp     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ax8     public abstract android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b05     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.Node$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b19     public android.support.v7.widget.DecorToolbar$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b4s     public android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b5u     abstract android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bev     public android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bi2     public android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bjw     public android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bks     public android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_boj     public abstract android.support.v7.widget.LinearSmoothScroller
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_boq     public android.support.v7.widget.VectorEnabledTintResources
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bpm     android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuWrapperICS
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bqu     android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuWrapperICS
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bsc     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllDialogFragment$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bsm     android.support.v7.app.NavItemSelectedListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_btp     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bv7     public android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bx2     public android.support.v7.widget.TintTypedArray
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bz7     public abstract android.support.v7.widget.util.SortedListAdapterCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c02     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c49     public android.support.v7.widget.DrawableUtils
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c5p     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NodeRecyclerAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c91     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c_e     android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV14
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cb1     public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ced     public android.support.v7.util.SortedList
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cj5     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRatingBar$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cjh     public final android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cuk     public android.support.v7.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapper$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cwi     public android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4x     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d96     public android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDialogFragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d9m     public android.support.v7.widget.ButtonBarLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d_q     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NodeRecyclerAdapter$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dg0     public android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDialog
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dk9     public android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV23$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dky     public android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuView$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle     public android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dp6     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.SettingsActivity
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dqs     abstract android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_drg     public android.support.v7.util.AsyncListUtil$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_drp     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemovalFailedDialogFragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dte     public abstract android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$1     android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$a     android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$HeaderViewHolder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$b     abstract android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$ViewHolder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$c     android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$NavigationMenuSeparatorItem
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$d     android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$SeparatorViewHolder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$j     android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$NavigationMenuHeaderItem
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$k     abstract interface android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$NavigationMenuItem
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$q     android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$SubheaderViewHolder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$s     android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$NavigationMenuTextItem
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$u     android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$NavigationMenuAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$w     android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$NormalViewHolder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e21     public android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuDialogHelper$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e61     public android.support.v7.transition.ActionBarTransition
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e8w     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.BootCompletedReceiver$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e93     public android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e_s     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ebx     android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_efl     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ekc     public android.support.v7.view.WindowCallbackWrapper$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ekv     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_enk     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eq5     public android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV11$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_esb     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_evd     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.DummyFragment$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_evn     public android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItem
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eyx     public android.support.v7.widget.DrawableUtils$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ezr     android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCompoundButtonHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u     public android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1y     android.support.v7.widget.RtlSpacingHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f6c     public android.support.v7.widget.util.SortedListAdapterCallback$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f8q     public android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplBase$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fab     public android.support.v7.app.AppCompatActivity
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fhv     public android.support.v7.util.AsyncListUtil
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fjh     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRatingBar
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fl5     android.support.v7.widget.OpReorderer
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fl8     public android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$2$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fmj     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllDialogFragment$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft2     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.SettingsActivity$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fyi     public android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g0d     public android.support.v7.widget.ScrollbarHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g2n     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g49     public android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g4t     public android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71     public android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g7q     public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g__     public abstract interface android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gc7     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.MyFragmentPagerAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gdi     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gf6     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gfb     android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextHelperV17
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ghj     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.WifiConfigurationComparator$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_giq     public android.support.v7.view.menu.BaseMenuWrapper$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_glc     public android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gmf     public android.support.v7.widget.ListViewCompat$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gnf     public android.support.v7.util.TileList$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gqv     public android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gtp     public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.DecorToolbar
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gyq     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NotificationService$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h05     public android.support.v7.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h6s     public android.support.v7.text.AllCapsTransformationMethod
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h9i     public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8     public android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hdw     public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchUIUtil
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hg2     public android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ho9     public android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hu_     public final android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuWrapperFactory
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hv8     public final android.support.v7.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i5b     android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i7e     public android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$ActionModeCallbackWrapperV7$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i8i     public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i_d     public android.support.v7.widget.TintResources$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iar     public android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ibb     public android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ikl     abstract android.support.v7.view.menu.BaseMenuWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ilh     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iqj     public android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iqp     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSeekBar
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_itm     public android.support.v7.widget.TintTypedArray$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iuq     public android.support.v7.view.CollapsibleActionView$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iuu     android.support.v7.widget.ChildHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ix3     public android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw     public final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0q     public android.support.v7.widget.ThemeUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j2e     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j2i     public android.support.v7.widget.DecorContentParent$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j57     public android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j6m     public android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j_i     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jb5     android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jb6     public android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$RecoverAnimation$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jg5     public android.support.v7.view.ContextThemeWrapper$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jhj     public android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jou     public android.support.v7.widget.DialogTitle$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jph     public android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jyj     public android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k4n     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllNetworksService
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k6g     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k_h     public android.support.v7.app.TwilightCalculator$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kat     android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompatImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kbp     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kd6     public android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kdv     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSeekBar$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_knf     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.WifiConfigurationSSIDComparator$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kq6     public android.support.v7.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ks5     public android.support.v7.view.SupportMenuInflater
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ky7     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kyq     abstract interface android.support.v7.util.ThreadUtil
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o     public android.support.v7.widget.SearchView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l5g     public android.support.v7.view.ActionBarPolicy
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l65     android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l6k     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l9i     public android.support.v7.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l9v     public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lan     public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ThemedSpinnerAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ldo     public android.support.v7.app.AppCompatActivity$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lef     public android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_li2     public android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuWrapperICS$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ll2     public android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchUIUtilImpl$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lmt     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lu2     public final android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_luq     public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lw9     public android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuWrapperICS$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lwf     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllRemovalFailedDialogFragment$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lxe     android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lxs     public android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchUIUtil$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m3s     public android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m_d     public android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState$SavedState$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mcg     public android.support.v7.app.AlertController$AlertParams$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mch     android.support.v7.app.TwilightCalculator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mjw     public android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mma     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.DownloadSsidJsonService$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mn2     android.support.v7.app.TwilightManager
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mnk     public android.support.v7.app.NavItemSelectedListener$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mnx     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawableV21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mv1     public android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mwt     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.FixScrollingFooterBehavior$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl     android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n0g     public android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n1c     android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchUIUtilImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n2x     public android.support.v7.view.SupportActionModeWrapper$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n45     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n9_     public android.support.v7.widget.LinearSmoothScroller$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n_f     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ndt     public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.AppCompatCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nja     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllDialogFragment
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nml     android.support.v7.widget.LayoutState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nvs     public android.support.v7.view.StandaloneActionMode
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o$a     android.support.design.widget.AnimationUtils$AnimationListenerAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o49     public abstract interface android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ob1     android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ofi     public android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ogr     public android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi7     android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompatImpl21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ojs     public android.support.v7.widget.ThemedSpinnerAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ole     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NodeRecyclerAdapter$ViewHolder$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ooa     public android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oqt     public android.support.v7.widget.VectorEnabledTintResources$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ouo     public android.support.v7.text.AllCapsTransformationMethod$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ovk     public android.support.v7.widget.DialogTitle
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oyy     public android.support.v7.widget.RtlSpacingHelper$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p2q     public android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$Callback$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p2s     public android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p6m     public android.support.v7.view.SupportActionModeWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pax     public android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pea     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pgl     public android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pma     public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pmg     public android.support.v7.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q24     public android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q3_     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t     public android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q6v     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q7c     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllNetworksService$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q_l     public android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qaq     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.InfoActivity$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qeb     android.support.v7.widget.PositionMap
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qhr     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllDialogFragment
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qj4     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.FindNearestNodesService
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qli     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.MyFragmentPagerAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qt7     android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qu5     public android.support.v7.widget.ChildHelper$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qxk     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.MainActivity$1$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qxr     public android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r06     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r0t     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllNetworksService
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r13     android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawableV21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r1m     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r4r     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r6s     public android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegate$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r71     public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r96     android.support.v7.app.AppCompatViewInflater
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ra2     public android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rci     public android.support.v7.widget.ViewInfoStore$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rmf     public android.support.v7.view.ActionBarPolicy$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rqq     public android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rt6     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rur     public android.support.v7.view.SupportMenuInflater$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry_     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s$1     final android.support.design.internal.ParcelableSparseArray$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s0k     public abstract android.support.v7.view.ActionMode
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s46     public android.support.v7.view.WindowCallbackWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s5f     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.MainActivity$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s69     android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSeekBarHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s7_     public android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sah     android.support.v7.widget.TintInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sdv     public android.support.v7.app.AlertDialog
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sff     public android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sms     android.support.v7.widget.ScrollbarHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sn8     public android.support.v7.widget.ViewUtils
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ssr     public android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sx2     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllNetworksService$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tci     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.Network
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tia     public android.support.v7.widget.OpReorderer$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tnp     public android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tos     public android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_trg     public android.support.v7.view.menu.BaseWrapper$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_twn     public android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tyj     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u0q     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.Node
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u5h     public android.support.v7.transition.ActionBarTransition$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u64     android.support.v7.widget.ViewInfoStore
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_udv     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uie     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.WifiConfigurationSSIDComparator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ujr     public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ul6     public android.support.v7.util.SortedList$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ul8     public android.support.v7.widget.PositionMap$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_utd     public android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuWrapperFactory$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uwf     public android.support.v7.app.AlertController$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v2d     public android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompatImpl21$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v3c     public android.support.v7.app.TwilightManager$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v4r     public android.support.v7.view.StandaloneActionMode$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v7k     public android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v97     public android.support.v7.recyclerview.BuildConfig$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_0     public android.support.v7.graphics.drawable.DrawerArrowDrawable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3     android.support.v7.app.AlertController
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_val     public android.support.v7.view.ContextThemeWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vbp     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatProgressBarHelper$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vdg     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllRemovalFailedDialogFragment
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ver     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllNetworksService$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vi1     public final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.BuildConfig
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vib     public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vjo     public android.support.v7.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vln     public android.support.v7.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vmo     public android.support.v7.widget.ResourcesWrapper$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vv0     public android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV14$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vv9     public final android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vvu     public android.support.v7.widget.ListViewCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vy8     public android.support.v7.widget.TintContextWrapper$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vz7     public android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$1$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w09     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.Network$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w0i     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.FindNearestNodesService$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w0p     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w6v     public android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SavedState$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w8h     public abstract android.support.v7.widget.SimpleItemAnimator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wbf     android.support.v7.view.menu.BaseWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wd_     public android.support.v7.view.menu.BaseMenuPresenter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wmc     android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wo1     public android.support.v7.widget.SimpleItemAnimator$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_woe     public android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItem$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wrk     public android.support.v7.app.AppCompatCallback$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wsk     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wuz     public android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0r     public android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13     public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x2_     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x3o     public android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x87     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.DummyFragment
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x8t     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x_n     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllDialogFragment$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xa2     public android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDialog$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xal     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemovalFailedDialogFragment
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xdr     android.support.v7.widget.ResourcesWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xe8     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.DownloadSsidJsonService
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xfy     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xgj     public android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xgr     android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuDialogHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xnn     android.support.v7.widget.ThemeUtils
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xnt     public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xqb     public android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xvd     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$DropdownPopup$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xyb     android.support.v7.widget.TintResources
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xz_     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y$1     android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetDialog$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y$2     android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetDialog$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y1h     public android.support.v7.util.ThreadUtil$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y3r     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y8l     public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.DecorContentParent
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y91     public abstract interface android.support.v7.view.CollapsibleActionView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y_s     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextHelperV17$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ybg     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.FragmentLifecycle$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ydt     public android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawable$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yeb     public android.support.v7.widget.LayoutState$ParseException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yey     public android.support.v7.app.AlertDialog$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yga     public android.support.v7.widget.TintInfo$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht     android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ynx     android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatBackgroundHelper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yql     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yzr     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z2j     public android.support.v7.appcompat.BuildConfig$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z4y     public android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z59     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NotificationService
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z6j     public final android.support.v7.appcompat.BuildConfig
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zdb     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.WifiConfigurationComparator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zg_     public android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zjv     public android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$5$IOException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zra     public android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompatImplBase$Exception
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ztz     public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.BuildConfig$NullPointerException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zx9     public android.support.v7.widget.ButtonBarLayout$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zy3     public android.support.v7.app.AppCompatViewInflater$Exception
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$t    public abstract android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$DragCallback
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$v$1    final android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$1    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$e    abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$g    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControlsApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$n    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$p    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControlsBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$r    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControlsApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$t    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$w    public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControls
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$z    public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__a$1    android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonIcs$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__a$2    android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonIcs$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__c$1    android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__c$a    android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__c$b    android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImplIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__c$e    android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PageListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__c$z    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__i$_    final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21$CustomAction
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$1    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$_    final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$a    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$OnActiveChangeListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$f    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$k    public final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$o    public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$t    abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$u    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$v    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$SessionFlags
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__q$o    android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperEclair$DrawableWrapperStateEclair
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a9$c    abstract android.support.v4.media.IMediaBrowserServiceAdapterApi21$Stub
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a_$r    android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_aa$1    final android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_aa$m    android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$SharedElementCallback21Impl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_aa$p    public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$OnRequestPermissionsResultCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ab$r    android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperKitKat$DrawableWrapperStateKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ad$b    android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ad$c    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ad$o    android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateStubImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ad$y    android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_av$u    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b6$1    android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b9$i    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventKitKatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b9$v    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventStubImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b9$w    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventIcsImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b9$x    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bg$1    android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bg$s    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$ControlType
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bg$z    public abstract android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bh$d    android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectLollipopImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bh$g    android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectIcsImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bh$l    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bh$p    android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$BaseEdgeEffectImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bi$g    android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21$InsetsListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bs$n    public final android.support.v4.content.Loader$ForceLoadContentObserver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bs$p    public abstract interface android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCanceledListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bs$v    public abstract interface android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCompleteListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bv$g    abstract interface android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi21$ConnectionCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bv$k    abstract interface android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi21$SubscriptionCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bv$q    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi21$ConnectionCallbackProxy
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_by$1    android.support.design.widget.StateListAnimator$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_by$q    android.support.design.widget.StateListAnimator$Tuple
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c1$1    android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c1$d    android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$ReceiverRecord
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c1$r    android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$BroadcastRecord
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ce$1    final android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4$1    android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4$b    abstract interface android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionAlgorithm
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4$h    abstract android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4$r    android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicInternal
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4$w    android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$FirstStrong
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4$x    android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$AnyStrong
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d6$f    public abstract android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_da$a    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dj$u    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19$OnMetadataUpdateListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dj$z    abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dn$o    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$ItemCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dn$w    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$MediaBrowserServiceAdaptorApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dn$x    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$ServiceImplApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dr$k    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ds$r    android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi23$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e3$r    android.support.v4.media.IMediaBrowserServiceCallbacksAdapterApi21$Stub
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e9$1    android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e9$j    android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$MyDataSetObserver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e9$l    android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$ChangeObserver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$1    android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$b    android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$JBMr2ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$i    android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$k    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$l    android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$KitKatViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$x    android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$y    android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$JBViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_em$i    public abstract android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperDonut$DrawableWrapperState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_em$q    android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperDonut$DrawableWrapperStateDonut
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eo$i    android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperHoneycomb$DrawableWrapperStateHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eu$1    final android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eu$g    android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver$MyResultReceiver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eu$m    android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver$MyRunnable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f0$d    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompat$TextViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f0$h    android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompat$BaseTextViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f0$m    android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23TextViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f0$r    android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompat$JbMr1TextViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f0$z    android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompat$JbMr2TextViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1$g    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$CallbackProxy
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1$o    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$PlaybackInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1$p    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1$r    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$TransportControls
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$c    android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ServiceConnectedEvent
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$g    android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplEclair
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$i    abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$j    abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Impl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$p    android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$CancelTask
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$s    android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$x    android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplIceCreamSandwich
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f6$1    final android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f6$h    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$StarStyle
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f6$y    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$Style
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f7$v    public abstract interface android.support.v4.content.PermissionChecker$PermissionResult
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f8$i    android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplJB
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f8$k    android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplICS
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f8$o    public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f8$p    public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentReader
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f8$s    android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f8$w    abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f9$j    android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f9$l    public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f9$v    android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$BaseMenuVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f9$x    android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$HoneycombMenuVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fa$1    final android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fd$1    android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fd$d    android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fd$f    android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$DummyTabFactory
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fd$t    final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fg$r    android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs$SingleLineAllCapsTransform
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fh$1    android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fh$k    android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat$TextUtilsCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fj$1    final android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fj$a    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$Delegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fm$1    android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fm$2    android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fm$a    public abstract interface android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$OnPrintFinishCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$1    android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$2    android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$3    android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$4    android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$5    android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$5
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$c    android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$FragmentTag
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$s    android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$AnimateOnHWLayerIfNeededListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$1    android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$2    android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$3    android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$4    android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$5    android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$5
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$6    android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$6
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$7    android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$7
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$8    android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$8
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$x    public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fv$1    final android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fv$2    final android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fv$i    abstract interface android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$UtteranceProgressListenerICSMR1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fz$1    final android.support.v4.app.BackStackState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g1$_    public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$TabListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g1$f    public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g1$g    public abstract android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g1$m    public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g1$q    public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$DisplayOptions
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g1$u    public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$NavigationMode
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g1$w    public android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g2$s    android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperLollipop$DrawableWrapperStateLollipop
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g3$g    android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g3$t    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g3$x    android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImplJellybeanMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ga$o    android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplGingerbread
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ga$q    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ga$x    android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ga$y    android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gb$o    public abstract android.support.v4.os.IResultReceiver$Stub
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gd$z    public android.support.percent.PercentFrameLayout$LayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gi$1    android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gi$_    public abstract interface android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$OnNavigationItemSelectedListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gi$d    public android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$SavedState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gl$s    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$PopupMenuImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gl$y    android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$BasePopupMenuImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gl$z    android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$KitKatPopupMenuImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gn$1    final android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gn$v    public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$AccessibilityDelegateBridge
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gq$e    abstract interface android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gq$f    android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplLollipop
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gq$s    android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplIcs
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gq$t    android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gt$b    android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$BaseListPopupWindowImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gt$g    android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$KitKatListPopupWindowImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gt$u    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$ListPopupWindowImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hr$1    android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonEclairMr1$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hr$2    android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonEclairMr1$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hr$a    abstract android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonEclairMr1$BaseShadowAnimation
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hr$t    android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonEclairMr1$ElevateToTranslationZAnimation
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hr$w    android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonEclairMr1$ResetElevationAnimation
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ht$b    abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ht$g    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$CallbackProxy
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hv$o    android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider$DonutFloatValueAnimator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$1    android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$_    android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$TabView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$f    android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$SlidingTabStrip
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$m    public abstract interface android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Mode
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$n    public abstract interface android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$OnTabSelectedListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$o    public abstract interface android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$TabGravity
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$s    public final android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$w    public android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$TabLayoutOnPageChangeListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$x    android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$PagerAdapterObserver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_id$a    android.support.v4.content.ContentResolverCompat$ContentResolverCompatImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_id$e    android.support.v4.content.ContentResolverCompat$ContentResolverCompatImplJB
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_id$w    abstract interface android.support.v4.content.ContentResolverCompat$ContentResolverCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0$f    android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$KitKatDrawableImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0$g    abstract interface android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$DrawableImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0$l    android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$MDrawableImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0$m    android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$HoneycombDrawableImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0$n    android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$BaseDrawableImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0$p    android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$JellybeanMr1DrawableImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0$u    android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$EclairDrawableImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0$w    android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$LollipopDrawableImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j8$n    android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$JellybeanMr1Impl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j8$r    android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$LegacyImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j9$_    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$ViewConfigurationVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j9$h    android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$FroyoViewConfigurationVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j9$j    android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$IcsViewConfigurationVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j9$t    android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$BaseViewConfigurationVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j_$x    final android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ji$1    android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ji$2    android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ji$3    android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ji$n    public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$ProgressDrawableSize
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ji$o    android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jm$1    final android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatLollipop$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jo$1    android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jo$2    android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jo$3    android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jo$4    android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jo$g    android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$TextInputAccessibilityDelegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jo$s    android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$SavedState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$d    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$EclairMr1ViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$g    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JbMr2ViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$j    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$MarshmallowViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$m    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$p    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JBViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$q    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$BaseViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$r    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$HCViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$s    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ICSViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$t    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JbMr1ViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$v    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ICSMr1ViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$w    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$LollipopViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$z    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$KitKatViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k9$k    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k9$p    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k9$x    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kb$1    android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kb$l    android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$DirectionalityEstimator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kb$o    public final android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kg$1    final android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kg$h    public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityDelegateBridgeJellyBean
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kn$i    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter$CursorFilterClient
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ko$1    final android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ko$z    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l7$c    public android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lb$o    android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat$CompatCreator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lc$f    public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$CursorToStringConverter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lc$k    public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$ViewBinder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_le$c    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lm$_    public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$SupportParentable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lm$e    android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lm$o    android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lm$y    abstract interface android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lw$l    android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m0$f    android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallbackImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m0$t    public abstract android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m1$n    public android.support.percent.PercentRelativeLayout$LayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m5$g    android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$OnActionExpandListenerWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m5$o    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$SupportActionExpandProxy
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mf$_    public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs$MySearchView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mg$_    android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoIcsImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mg$a    android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoJellyBeanMr2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mg$y    android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoStubImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mm$1    android.support.design.widget.ViewGroupUtils$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mm$c    android.support.design.widget.ViewGroupUtils$ViewGroupUtilsImplHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mm$k    abstract interface android.support.design.widget.ViewGroupUtils$ViewGroupUtilsImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mm$m    android.support.design.widget.ViewGroupUtils$ViewGroupUtilsImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mw$n    public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mz$1    final android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mz$f    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerBridge
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n3$1    android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n3$_    final android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperStubImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n3$f    abstract interface android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n3$z    public abstract interface android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n6$a    android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$LollipopCompoundButtonImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n6$d    android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$BaseCompoundButtonCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n6$p    android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api23CompoundButtonImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n6$q    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$CompoundButtonCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n8$h    public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nd$1    android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nd$2    android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ni$1    android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ni$2    android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ni$a    public android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout$LayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ni$d    android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout$OffsetUpdateListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nn$g    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$KeyEventVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nn$j    android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$BaseKeyEventVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nn$k    android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$EclairKeyEventVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nn$u    android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$HoneycombKeyEventVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nv$1    android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompatImplEclairMr1$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nx$1    android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nx$d    public android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$PathDataNode
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nx$e    android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$ExtractFloatResult
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ny$1    final android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o1$i    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi23$CallbackProxy
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o1$t    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi23$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o4$1    android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o4$2    android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o4$3    android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o4$h    public android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o4$y    final android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$Op
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o7$v    public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$BackStackEntry
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o7$z    public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o_$1    android.support.v4.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o_$c    android.support.v4.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$AppOpsManager23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o_$h    android.support.v4.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$AppOpsManagerImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oa$f    android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$KitKatPopupWindowImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oa$k    android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api21PopupWindowImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oa$l    android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$BasePopupWindowImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oa$o    android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23PopupWindowImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oa$q    android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$GingerbreadPopupWindowImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oa$r    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$PopupWindowImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$1    android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$b    android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$DisableLayerRunnable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$d    public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SimplePanelSlideListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$e    android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$DragHelperCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$g    public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$l    android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplJB
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$m    public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$LayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$n    android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$p    android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplJBMR1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$q    android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$AccessibilityDelegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$y    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os$1    final android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os$2    android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os$3    android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os$4    android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os$e    android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$AsyncTaskResult
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os$f    abstract android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$WorkerRunnable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os$j    android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$InternalHandler
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os$m    public final android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p5$f    android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImplJB
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p5$o    abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p5$z    android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p6$l    public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatApi23$RequestPermissionsRequestCodeValidator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p_$c    android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$ICSFragmentCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p_$e    public abstract interface android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$OnRequestPermissionsResultCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p_$g    android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$BaseFragmentCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p_$k    android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$MncFragmentCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p_$s    android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$ICSMR1FragmentCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p_$u    abstract interface android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$FragmentCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pf$e    android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$EclairMotionEventVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pf$i    android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$BaseMotionEventVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pf$l    android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$HoneycombMr1MotionEventVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pf$n    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$MotionEventVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pf$r    android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$GingerbreadMotionEventVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pj$1    android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pj$2    android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pp$i    final android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q2$1    final android.support.v4.app.FragmentState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q5$1    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q5$e    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$NotificationSideChannelStub
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qa$1    final android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qa$d    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$TextKey
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qa$h    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$LongKey
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qa$l    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$BitmapKey
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qa$x    public final android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qa$y    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$RatingKey
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qd$i    android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$HoneycombVelocityTrackerVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qd$j    android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$BaseVelocityTrackerVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qd$q    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$VelocityTrackerVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg$_    android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg$d    android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatStubImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg$i    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg$k    public abstract android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg$u    public abstract android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg$w    android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatIcsImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qj$e    abstract interface android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$ConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qj$i    android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$GingerbreadConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qj$k    android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$HoneycombMR2ConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qj$m    android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$JellyBeanConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qj$r    android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$BaseConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qk$1    android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qk$2    android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qk$3    android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qk$4    android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qk$5    android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$5
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qk$6    android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$6
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qn$1    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityWindowInfoCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qn$a    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityWindowInfoCompat$AccessibilityWindowInfoImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qn$i    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityWindowInfoCompat$AccessibilityWindowInfoStubImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qn$w    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityWindowInfoCompat$AccessibilityWindowInfoApi21Impl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qs$i    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$ServiceImplApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qs$n    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$MediaBrowserServiceAdaptorApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qs$s    public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$ServiceCallbacksApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qs$u    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$ServiceCallbacks
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx$1    android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx$h    android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx$i    android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx$j    android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableCompatState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx$o    android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VClipPath
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx$v    android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r4$a    final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$MapIterator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r4$g    final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$EntrySet
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r4$h    final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$KeySet
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r4$n    final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$ArrayIterator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r4$r    final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$ValuesCollection
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r7$s    android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompatBase$FactoryWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rf$g    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rk$c    android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rn$i    android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImplJbMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rn$v    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rn$z    android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rr$1    android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rr$_    abstract interface android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$TrafficStatsCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rr$f    android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$IcsTrafficStatsCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rr$r    android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rs$c    android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$Api23FingerprintManagerCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rs$d    public abstract android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$AuthenticationCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rs$i    public android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$CryptoObject
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rs$l    android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$LegacyFingerprintManagerCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rs$r    abstract interface android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$FingerprintManagerCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rs$y    public final android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$AuthenticationResult
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$1    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$_    public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Extender
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$a    abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$b    public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$d    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplGingerbread
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$g    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$h    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplJellybean
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$i    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BigTextStyle
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$k    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BigPictureStyle
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$o    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplHoneycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$p    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplIceCreamSandwich
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$q    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$t    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$InboxStyle
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$v    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplApi20
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$x    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BuilderExtender
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$1    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$2    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$3    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$4    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$a    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$b    final android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceHandler
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$e    abstract interface android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$MediaBrowserServiceImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$f    public final android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$BrowserRoot
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$j    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$MediaBrowserServiceImplApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$l    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ConnectionRecord
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$n    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceCallbacksCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$o    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$MediaBrowserServiceImplApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$q    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceCallbacksApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$y    public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$Result
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s2$1    android.support.v4.app.Fragment$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s2$s    public android.support.v4.app.Fragment$InstantiationException
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s2$w    public android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$1    final android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$2    final android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$3    android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$4    android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$c    public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PageTransformer
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$d    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$LayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$i    android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$j    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$Decor
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$k    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$o    android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$MyAccessibilityDelegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$q    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$r    android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PagerObserver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$y    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SimpleOnPageChangeListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$1    android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$2    android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$b    abstract interface android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Creator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$l    abstract interface android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$AnimatorUpdateListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$m    abstract interface android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$AnimatorListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$o    android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$AnimatorListenerAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sc$l    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi23$TransportControls
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_se$p    public abstract interface android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignal$OnCancelListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sh$p    android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompat$LayoutInflaterCompatImplV21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sh$u    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompat$LayoutInflaterCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sh$x    android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompat$LayoutInflaterCompatImplV11
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sl$1    final android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sl$b    public final android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$1    android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$_    abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DrawerToggle
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$c    android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$JellybeanMr2Delegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$e    android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ToolbarCompatDelegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$h    public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Delegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$i    android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DummyDelegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$j    android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DrawerArrowDrawableToggle
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$v    android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$HoneycombDelegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t3$_    android.support.percent.PercentLayoutHelper$PercentMarginLayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t3$i    public abstract interface android.support.percent.PercentLayoutHelper$PercentLayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t3$q    public android.support.percent.PercentLayoutHelper$PercentLayoutInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$1    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$_    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$e    public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ConnectionCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$f    abstract interface android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$g    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$CallbackHandler
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$p    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$r    public abstract android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$u    public abstract android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SubscriptionCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$w    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SubscriptionCallbackApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$z    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemReceiver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ta$1    final android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ta$2    android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ta$n    public abstract android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tc$b    android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatICSImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tc$j    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tc$m    android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatLollipopImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tc$r    android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatStubImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tf$c    android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplJellybeanMr2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tf$g    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tf$z    android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tl$q    abstract interface android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi23$ItemCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tl$u    android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi23$ItemCallbackProxy
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm$1    android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm$b    abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm$f    public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DelegateProvider
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm$h    android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplHC
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm$j    android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$SlideDrawable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm$p    android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplJellybeanMR2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm$r    public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Delegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm$x    android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u4$h    android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompatHC$FactoryWrapperHC
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u7$f    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$CollectionInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u7$q    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$RangeInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u7$u    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$CollectionItemInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u_$b    public android.support.v4.util.Pools$SynchronizedPool
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u_$h    public abstract interface android.support.v4.util.Pools$Pool
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u_$n    public android.support.v4.util.Pools$SimplePool
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uk$e    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uk$l    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerStubImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uk$r    public abstract android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uk$u    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_um$1    android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_um$b    android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ScrollAnimationRunnable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_um$d    android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ClampedScroller
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ur$_    abstract interface android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$BitmapImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ur$f    android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$BaseBitmapImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ur$u    android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$HcMr1BitmapCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ur$y    android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$KitKatBitmapCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uu$1    final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uu$2    final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uu$3    final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uu$4    final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uu$f    public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$ViewRetriever
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uu$t    public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$EpicenterView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uy$e    android.support.v4.animation.HoneycombMr1AnimatorCompatProvider$HoneycombValueAnimatorCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uy$p    android.support.v4.animation.HoneycombMr1AnimatorCompatProvider$AnimatorListenerCompatWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v0$k    abstract interface android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$PathStrategy
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v0$n    android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$SimplePathStrategy
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_$e    android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatHCImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_$f    android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatLollipopImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_$g    android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2Impl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_$o    android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatIcsImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_$s    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_va$1    final android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_va$b    android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_va$f    public final android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_va$g    android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplJellybean
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_va$v    android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplApi20
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vf$i    public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$OnScrollChangeListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vf$o    android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$AccessibilityDelegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vf$w    android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vh$1    android.support.graphics.drawable.AnimatedVectorDrawableCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vh$f    android.support.graphics.drawable.AnimatedVectorDrawableCompat$AnimatedVectorDrawableCompatState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vh$k    android.support.graphics.drawable.AnimatedVectorDrawableCompat$AnimatedVectorDrawableDelegateState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vj$1    android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vj$c    android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$ExploreByTouchNodeProvider
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vk$q    abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vk$x    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18$OnPlaybackPositionUpdateListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vr$1    android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vr$d    android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vr$t    android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$BaseScaleGestureDetectorImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vr$x    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$ScaleGestureDetectorImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wc$1    final android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wh$1    final android.support.design.widget.ViewUtils$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wh$i    android.support.design.widget.ViewUtils$ViewUtilsImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wh$q    android.support.design.widget.ViewUtils$ViewUtilsImplLollipop
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wh$v    abstract interface android.support.design.widget.ViewUtils$ViewUtilsImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wo$1    android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompatImplHoneycombMr1$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wo$2    android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompatImplHoneycombMr1$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wx$1    final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wx$e    public final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wx$g    public final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wx$m    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$State
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wx$w    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$Actions
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$_    final android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ChildAccessibilityDelegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$b    public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$d    public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$h    android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImplApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$k    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$n    public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$w    android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$AccessibilityDelegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$x    public abstract android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SimpleDrawerListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$y    android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x5$x    public abstract android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x8$1    android.support.v4.content.SharedPreferencesCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x8$n    public final android.support.v4.content.SharedPreferencesCompat$EditorCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x9$c    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordIcsImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x9$g    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x9$m    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordJellyBeanImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x9$t    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordStubImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x9$z    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordIcsMr1Impl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xl$1    final android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xl$s    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xm$1    final android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xm$l    public abstract android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$AuthenticationCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xm$n    public android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$CryptoObject
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xm$w    public final android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$AuthenticationResultInternal
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xp$k    android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$ActivityOptionsImplJB
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xp$o    android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$ActivityOptionsImpl21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xu$p    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$CollectionItemInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$1    android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$b    android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$ViewElevationComparator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$f    android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$OnPreDrawListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$i    android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$HierarchyChangeListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$m    public android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$LayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$p    android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$ApplyInsetsListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$z    public abstract android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yg$m    public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yi$1    android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yi$_    android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$SnackbarRecord
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yi$p    abstract interface android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yl$n    android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory$DefaultRoundedBitmapDrawable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yo$1    android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yo$2    android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yq$n    android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView$OvalShadow
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yz$1    android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yz$c    android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$DummyTabFactory
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yz$p    android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yz$w    final android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z2$b    android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z2$c    android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplIcsMr1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z2$d    android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplHC
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z2$l    abstract interface android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z5$1    final android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z5$2    final android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z5$p    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnQueryTextListenerCompatBridge
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z5$y    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnCloseListenerCompatBridge
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z7$p    public abstract android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z7$w    public abstract android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z_$n    public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$SubUiVisibilityListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z_$w    public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$VisibilityListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zf$1    final android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zk$1    android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonImpl$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zk$i    abstract interface android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonImpl$InternalVisibilityChangedListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zt$1    android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zt$c    final android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$NonConfigurationInstances
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zt$e    android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$HostCallbacks
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$1    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$c    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionItemInfoCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$f    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanMr2Impl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$h    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$j    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityActionCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$m    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoApi22Impl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$n    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionInfoCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$o    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanMr1Impl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$q    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoApi21Impl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$s    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$RangeInfoCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$u    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$y    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoIcsImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v$1   android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v$a   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivitySorter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v$d   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$OnChooseActivityListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v$i   final android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$DefaultSorter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v$s   public final android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityResolveInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v$v   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityChooserModelClient
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__w4$_   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$SpanSizeLookup
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__w4$i   public final android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$DefaultSpanSizeLookup
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__w4$v   public android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$LayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__we$u   public android.support.v7.util.TileList$Tile
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ada$1   final android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_at2$1   android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_at2$c   android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_at2$k   public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_at2$n   public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutChunkResult
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_at2$v   android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ax8$r   public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegate$NightMode
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b5u$1   android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplBase$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b5u$d   android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplBase$AppCompatWindowCallbackBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b5u$i   android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplBase$ActionBarDrawableToggleImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c5p$o   public abstract interface com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NodeRecyclerAdapter$OnItemClickListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c5p$s   public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NodeRecyclerAdapter$ViewHolder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c91$1   android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c_e$a   android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV14$AppCompatWindowCallbackV14
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cb1$a   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$OrientationMode
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cb1$c   public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$LayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cb1$v   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$DividerMode
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ced$a   public android.support.v7.util.SortedList$BatchedCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ced$j   public abstract android.support.v7.util.SortedList$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cjh$k   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle$1   android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle$2   android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle$3   android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle$c   android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$ExpandedActionViewMenuPresenter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle$g   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle$m   public android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$LayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle$z   public android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dp6$f   public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dqs$1   android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dqs$p   public android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView$VisibilityAnimListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dte$1   final android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dte$2   final android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e_s$1   android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e_s$2   android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e_s$3   android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e_s$a   public android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$LayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e_s$g   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ebx$l   android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB$ActionProviderWrapperJB
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ezr$l   abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCompoundButtonHelper$DirectSetButtonDrawableInterface
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$1   android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$2   android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$n   android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$Span
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$r   public android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$s   android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$AnchorInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$v   public android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fhv$1   android.support.v7.util.AsyncListUtil$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fhv$2   android.support.v7.util.AsyncListUtil$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fhv$h   public abstract android.support.v7.util.AsyncListUtil$ViewCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fhv$p   public abstract android.support.v7.util.AsyncListUtil$DataCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fl5$x   abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.OpReorderer$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g49$1   android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g49$b   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnMenuItemClickListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g49$q   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnDismissListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g4t$x   android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$MenuAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$1   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$2   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$3   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$4   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$5   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$5
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$6   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$6
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$7   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$7
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$8   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$8
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$_   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$ChangeInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$g   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$VpaListenerAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$o   android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$MoveInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g__$t   public abstract interface android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gf6$1   android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gf6$o   android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$DropdownPopup
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gf6$p   android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$DropDownAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gqv$f   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout$OnAttachListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h9i$1   android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$1   android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$2   android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$3   android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$4   android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$5   android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$5
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$e   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$SimpleCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$f   android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$RecoverAnimation
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$g   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$q   android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$ItemTouchHelperGestureListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$t   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$ViewDropHandler
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i5b$1   android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i5b$2   android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i5b$h   android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$MessageQueue
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i5b$m   android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$SyncQueueItem
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iqj$1   android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iqj$e   android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iqj$g   public android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$VisibilityAnimListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iqj$i   android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iqj$w   android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabClickListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iuu$f   abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ChildHelper$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iuu$r   android.support.v7.widget.ChildHelper$Bucket
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$_   public final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$style
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$b   public final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$id
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$i   public final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$drawable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$k   public final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$xml
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$m   public final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$dimen
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$p   public final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$color
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$q   public final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$menu
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$r   public final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$anim
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$s   public final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$string
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$t   public final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$integer
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$v   public final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$bool
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$w   public final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$attr
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jb5$d   android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jb5$v   abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jph$1   android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jph$_   android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$ShareActivityChooserModelPolicy
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jph$n   android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$ShareMenuItemOnMenuItemClickListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jph$p   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$OnShareTargetSelectedListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kd6$1   android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kd6$i   android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$ThumbAnimation
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ks5$b   android.support.v7.view.SupportMenuInflater$MenuState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ks5$j   android.support.v7.view.SupportMenuInflater$InflatedOnMenuItemClickListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kyq$_   public abstract interface android.support.v7.util.ThreadUtil$BackgroundCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kyq$d   public abstract interface android.support.v7.util.ThreadUtil$MainThreadCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$1   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$2   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$3   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$4   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$5   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$5
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$6   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$6
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$7   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$7
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$8   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$8
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$9   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$9
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$a   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$f   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$AutoCompleteTextViewReflector
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$k   public android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$o   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$p   android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SavedState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$y   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l9i$1   android.support.v7.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lan$o   public final android.support.v7.widget.ThemedSpinnerAdapter$Helper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lef$1   android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lef$d   android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompat$LollipopExtender
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lef$h   android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompat$IceCreamSandwichExtender
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lef$i   public android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompat$MediaStyle
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lef$s   android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompat$JellybeanExtender
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lef$t   public android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompat$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lu2$1   android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lu2$c   android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager$ColorFilterLruCache
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lu2$f   abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager$InflateDelegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lu2$q   android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager$VdcInflateDelegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lu2$v   android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager$AvdcInflateDelegate
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lxe$r   final android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter$ChildViewCache
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mjw$h   android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$OnMenuItemClickListenerWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mjw$m   android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$ActionProviderWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mjw$o   android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$CollapsibleActionViewWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mjw$r   android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$OnActionExpandListenerWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mn2$1   android.support.v7.app.TwilightManager$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mn2$p   android.support.v7.app.TwilightManager$TwilightState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$1   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$_   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$PopupPresenterCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$b   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$c   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowPopup
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$f   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionButtonSubmenu
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$r   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OpenOverflowRunnable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$t   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$x   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionMenuPopupCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n1c$e   android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchUIUtilImpl$Lollipop
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n1c$j   android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchUIUtilImpl$Honeycomb
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n1c$l   android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchUIUtilImpl$Gingerbread
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nja$1   com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllDialogFragment$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nja$2   com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllDialogFragment$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nja$d   public abstract interface com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllDialogFragment$OnAddAllListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o49$z   public abstract interface android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ob1$c   android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV23$AppCompatWindowCallbackV23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ooa$l   public abstract interface android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ooa$m   public abstract interface android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p6m$c   public android.support.v7.view.SupportActionModeWrapper$CallbackWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pmg$1   android.support.v7.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pmg$2   android.support.v7.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q24$1   android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q24$2   android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q24$3   android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q24$n   public android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar$ActionModeImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q24$y   public android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar$TabImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$1   android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$2   android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$3   android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$_   android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$DropDownListView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$i   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$k   android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ListSelectorHider
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$o   android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ResizePopupRunnable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$v   android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupDataSetObserver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qeb$j   android.support.v7.widget.PositionMap$ContainerHelpers
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qhr$1   com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllDialogFragment$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qhr$2   com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllDialogFragment$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qhr$u   public abstract interface com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllDialogFragment$OnRemoveAllListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qj4$1   com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.FindNearestNodesService$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qt7$1   android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qt7$2   android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qt7$h   android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar$ToolbarCallbackWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qt7$o   final android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar$ActionMenuPresenterCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qt7$x   final android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar$PanelMenuPresenterCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r96$b   android.support.v7.app.AppCompatViewInflater$DeclaredOnClickListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s0k$_   public abstract interface android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sdv$z   public android.support.v7.app.AlertDialog$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tci$1   final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.Network$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tnp$1   android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tnp$2   android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tnp$3   android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tnp$4   android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tnp$e   android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$ActivityChooserViewAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tnp$j   public android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tnp$y   android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$Callbacks
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tos$_   public abstract android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tos$v   android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$ActionMenuItemForwardingListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tyj$1   com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tyj$i   com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter$NetworkFilter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tyj$t   public com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter$ViewHolder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tyj$y   public abstract interface com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter$OnAdapterInteractionListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u0q$1   final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.Node$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u64$g   abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ViewInfoStore$ProcessCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u64$o   android.support.v7.widget.ViewInfoStore$InfoRecord
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_udv$1   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_udv$j   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$MenuBuilderCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_udv$m   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$ActionMenuChildView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_udv$o   public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$LayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_udv$u   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_udv$x   android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$ActionMenuPresenterCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_0$e   public abstract interface android.support.v7.graphics.drawable.DrawerArrowDrawable$ArrowDirection
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$1   android.support.v7.app.AlertController$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$2   android.support.v7.app.AlertController$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$3   android.support.v7.app.AlertController$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$4   android.support.v7.app.AlertController$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$5   android.support.v7.app.AlertController$5
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$_   android.support.v7.app.AlertController$CheckedItemAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$c   final android.support.v7.app.AlertController$ButtonHandler
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$o   public android.support.v7.app.AlertController$AlertParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vib$d   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vv9$1   android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vvu$x   android.support.v7.widget.ListViewCompat$GateKeeperDrawable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$1   android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$2   android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$3   final android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$4   android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$5   android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$5
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$6   android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$6
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$a   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$b   public final android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$g   android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewFlinger
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$h   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$i   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$j   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$k   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnItemTouchListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$l   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$m   public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutParams
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$n   android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerViewDataObserver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$p   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$AdapterDataObserver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$q   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnScrollListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$r   public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$u   public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnChildAttachStateChangeListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$v   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$y   android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$AdapterDataObservable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$z   public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemDecoration
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x87$1   com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.DummyFragment$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$1   android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$2   android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$3   android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$4   android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$5   android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$5
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$6   android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$6
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$_   final android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$ActionMenuPresenterCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$j   android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$ListMenuDecorView
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$r   final android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelMenuPresenterCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$s   android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$ActionModeCallbackWrapperV7
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$y   final android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z4y$y   android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter$MenuAdapter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z59$1   com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NotificationService$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z59$b   com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NotificationService$UpdateSSIDsReceiver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z59$d   com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NotificationService$CheckNotificationAsyncTask
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z59$k   com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NotificationService$WifiReceiver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z59$p   com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NotificationService$UpdateSSIDsAsyncTask
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$z$d  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$StubApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$z$f  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$MessageHandler
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$z$r  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$StubCompat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$_$1  final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$k$1  final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$o$g  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$StubApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$o$p  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$StubApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$u$1  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$u$2  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$u$n  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$MediaSessionStub
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$u$x  final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$Command
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ad$b$1  android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ad$y$1  android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d6$f$w  android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub$Proxy
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dn$w$k  android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$MediaBrowserServiceAdaptorApi23$ServiceBinderProxyApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$i$d  android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$Starter
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$x$h  android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$MyVpaListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f9$j$1  android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fd$d$1  final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fm$2$1  android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$s$1  android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$AnimateOnHWLayerIfNeededListener$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$s$2  android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$AnimateOnHWLayerIfNeededListener$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gb$o$p  android.support.v4.os.IResultReceiver$Stub$Proxy
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gi$d$1  final android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hv$o$1  android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider$DonutFloatValueAnimator$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$f$1  android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$SlidingTabStrip$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$f$2  android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$SlidingTabStrip$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jo$s$1  final android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k9$k$1  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k9$x$1  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$10  android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$10
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$11  android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$11
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$12  android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$12
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mw$n$o  android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub$Proxy
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p_$g$1  android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$BaseFragmentCompatImpl$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg$_$1  android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg$_$2  android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qs$n$e  android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$MediaBrowserServiceAdaptorApi21$ServiceBinderProxyApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rr$r$1  android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rr$r$h  android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$SocketTags
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rs$c$1  final android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$Api23FingerprintManagerCompatImpl$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$b$q  public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$g$1  final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$g$c  public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$WearableExtender
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$g$i  public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Extender
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$g$s  public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$a$1  android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$a$2  android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$a$3  android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$a$4  android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$a$5  android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl$5
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$a$6  android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl$6
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$a$7  android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl$7
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s2$w$1  final android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$q$1  final android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$e$f  android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ConnectionCallback$StubApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$e$j  abstract interface android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ConnectionCallback$ConnectionCallbackInternal
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$p$1  android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplApi21$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$p$2  android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplApi21$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$p$3  android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplApi21$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$r$c  android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemCallback$StubApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$w$r  android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SubscriptionCallbackApi21$StubApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tf$z$p  android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase$GestureHandler
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uk$u$1  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uy$e$1  android.support.v4.animation.HoneycombMr1AnimatorCompatProvider$HoneycombValueAnimatorCompat$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vf$w$1  final android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wx$e$1  final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wx$e$k  public final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$Builder
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$b$1  final android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x5$x$g  public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x8$n$a  android.support.v4.content.SharedPreferencesCompat$EditorCompat$EditorHelperBaseImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x8$n$n  abstract interface android.support.v4.content.SharedPreferencesCompat$EditorCompat$Helper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x8$n$o  android.support.v4.content.SharedPreferencesCompat$EditorCompat$EditorHelperApi9Impl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yg$m$c  android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub$Proxy
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yz$p$1  final android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z7$p$j  public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z7$w$g  public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$eval_p android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$SettleRunnable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_at2$k$1 final android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c5p$s$1 com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NodeRecyclerAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle$z$1 final android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dp6$f$1 com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dp6$f$2 com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dp6$f$3 com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dp6$f$4 com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$r$1 final android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gf6$o$1 android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$DropdownPopup$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gf6$o$2 android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$DropdownPopup$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gf6$o$3 android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$DropdownPopup$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$f$1 android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$RecoverAnimation$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$g$1 final android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$Callback$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$g$2 final android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$Callback$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i5b$1$1 android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$1$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i5b$2$1 android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$2$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$p$1 final android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$b$1 final android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$t$1 android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$i$_ android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$DisallowIntercept
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$i$y android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$TriggerLongPress
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$o$1 android.support.v7.app.AlertController$AlertParams$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$o$2 android.support.v7.app.AlertController$AlertParams$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$o$3 android.support.v7.app.AlertController$AlertParams$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$o$4 android.support.v7.app.AlertController$AlertParams$4
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$o$h public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.AlertController$AlertParams$OnPrepareListViewListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$a$b public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager$Properties
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$i$a public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$Action
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$l$c public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$AdapterChanges
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$l$f public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$l$i public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemAnimatorFinishedListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$l$z abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemAnimatorListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$5$1 android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$5$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$s$1 android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$ActionModeCallbackWrapperV7$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$y$_ android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState$SavedState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dn$w$k$1        android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$MediaBrowserServiceAdaptorApi23$ServiceBinderProxyApi23$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fm$2$1$1        android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$b$q$1        final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$b$q$c        public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$Builder
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$eval_y       public android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$SavedState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$eval__       android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$eval_j       public final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$PlaybackInfo
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$eval_g       public final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bv$eval_w       android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi21$SubscriptionCallbackProxy
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4$eval_w       android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicLocale
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$eval_z       android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$LollipopViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f0$eval_j       android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompat$JbTextViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$eval_u       android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$NotifyTask
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$eval_z       android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f9$eval_g       abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$MenuVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fh$eval_i       android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat$TextUtilsCompatJellybeanMr1Impl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ht$eval_r       android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$QueueItem
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$eval_t       public android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$ViewPagerOnTabSelectedListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j9$eval_y       android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$HoneycombViewConfigurationVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$eval_j       android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$GBViewCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$eval_t       public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ScrollIndicators
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k9$eval_d       android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderStubImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lm$eval_v       android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplJellybean
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mg$eval_p       abstract interface android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoVersionImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n3$eval_l       final android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$eval_t       android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx$eval_n       android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx$eval_q       android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableDelegateState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$eval_a       public abstract android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$eval_b       android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$eval_h       public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$WearableExtender
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$eval_k       android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$eval_s       android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplKitKat
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$eval_p       android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImplApi23
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$eval_r       android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImplApi21
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$eval_v       android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$MediaBrowserServiceImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$eval_y       abstract interface android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceCallbacks
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$eval_j       public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$eval_x       android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ViewPositionComparator
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$eval_u       abstract android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Impl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sh$eval_b       android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompat$LayoutInflaterCompatImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$eval_c       public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DelegateProvider
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_a       public android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_d       android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ServiceBinderWrapper
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_j       abstract interface android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserServiceCallbackImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_p       android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_v       android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$Subscription
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tc$eval_u       android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatKitKatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ur$eval_y       android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$JbMr2BitmapCompatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_$eval_m       android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatStubImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_va$eval_p       abstract interface android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Impl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$eval_a       android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$eval_b       public abstract interface android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$DefaultBehavior
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$eval_q       public android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$SavedState
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$y$_$1       final android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$eval_g       android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoKitKatImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$eval_k       android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoStubImpl
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v$eval_g      final android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$PersistHistoryAsyncTask
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v$eval_n      public final android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$HistoricalRecord
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$eval_d      android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$eval_d      public final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$mipmap
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$eval_q      public final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$styleable
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$eval_t      public final com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$layout
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$eval_d      android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupScrollListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$eval_y      android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupTouchInterceptor
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qt7$eval_x      final android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar$MenuBuilderCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$eval_f      android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimatorRestoreListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$eval_h      public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ChildDrawingOrderCallback
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$eval_o      public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$eval_r      public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SimpleOnItemTouchListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$eval_u      public abstract android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewCacheExtension
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$eval_v      public android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$eval_y$1     final android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$eval_g$1     final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$u$eval_n     android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$MessageHandler
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$eval_z$b     android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n3$eval_l$1     android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n3$eval_l$2     android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$eval_t$1     final android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$eval_p$1     android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImplApi23$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$eval_u$n     abstract interface android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Impl$AnimatorUpdateListenerProxy
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$eval_u$s     abstract interface android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Impl$AnimatorListenerProxy
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_a$1     final android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_a$s     public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem$Flags
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_p$1     android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_p$2     android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_p$3     android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase$3
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_p$w     android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase$MediaServiceConnection
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$eval_a$1     android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$eval_q$1     final android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$eval_d$z    android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$eval_v$1    final android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_p$w$1   android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase$MediaServiceConnection$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_p$w$2   android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase$MediaServiceConnection$2
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$eval_d$z$1  final android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem$1
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment$r       com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment$FindNearestNodesResponseReceiver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$m  com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$RemoveAllNetworksResponseReceiver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$p  com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$AddAllNetworksResponseReceiver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$w  public abstract interface com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$x  com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$DownloadSsidJsonResponseReceiver
com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment$eval_c  public abstract interface com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

android.support.design.BuildConfig       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.BuildConfig$Exception     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.R
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.R$Exception
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.R$anim
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.R$attr
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.R$bool
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.R$color
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.R$dimen
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.R$drawable
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.R$id
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.R$integer
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.R$layout
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.R$string
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.R$style
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.R$styleable
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k)
===============================================================================
  draw                         public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawableHotspotChanged       public drawableHotspotChanged(float,float)
  drawableStateChanged         protected drawableStateChanged()
  getForeground                public getForeground()
  getForegroundGravity         public getForegroundGravity()
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState  public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState()
  onLayout                     protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onSizeChanged                protected onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
  setForeground                public setForeground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setForegroundGravity         public setForegroundGravity(int)
  verifyDrawable               protected verifyDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenu   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n)
===============================================================================
  addSubMenu   public addSubMenu(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenu$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q)
===============================================================================
  b                        public showsIcon()
  c                        public getItemData()
  d                        public recycle()
  eval_h                   private createDefaultBackground()
  f                        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  i                        public setTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  j                        setIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  p                        public setTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)
  p                        private setActionView(android.view.View)
  q                        public initialize(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,int)
  u                        public prefersCondensedTitle()
  u                        public setCheckable(boolean)
  v                        public setShortcut(boolean,char)
  v                        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y                        public setChecked(boolean)
  onCreateDrawableState    protected onCreateDrawableState(int)

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e)
===============================================================================
  b        public setItemBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  b        static access$100(android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter)
  b        public removeHeaderView(android.view.View)
  c        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  d        public onSaveInstanceState()
  d        public setItemTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  d        public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  e        public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  eval_c   public getHeaderView(int)
  eval_g   static access$200(android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter)
  eval_h   public getHeaderCount()
  eval_i   public getItemTintList()
  eval_l   static access$700(android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter)
  eval_z   public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  f        public inflateHeaderView(int)
  g        public getId()
  g        public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  g        public updateMenuView(boolean)
  h        static access$300(android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter)
  i        static access$900(android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter)
  i        public setPaddingTopDefault(int)
  j        public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  k        static access$500(android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter)
  l        static access$800(android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter)
  m        static access$000(android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter)
  n        static access$400(android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter)
  o        static access$1100(android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter)
  p        public flagActionItems()
  p        public setCallback(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  p        public addHeaderView(android.view.View)
  p        public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  t        public setItemIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  t        public setUpdateSuspended(boolean)
  u        public getItemBackground()
  v        public getItemTextColor()
  v        public setCheckedItem(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  v        public setId(int)
  z        static access$600(android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter)
  z        public setItemTextAppearance(int)

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$HeaderViewHolder (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$a)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$NavigationMenuAdapter    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$u)
===============================================================================
  a        public restoreInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  e        public update()
  eval_n   private prepareMenuItems()
  f        public setCheckedItem(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  f        public onCreateViewHolder(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  j        public getItemCount()
  k        public volatile onBindViewHolder(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int)
  l        public getItemId(int)
  m        public onViewRecycled(android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$ViewHolder)
  m        public onBindViewHolder(android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$ViewHolder,int)
  m        private appendTransparentIconIfMissing(int,int)
  s        public volatile onViewRecycled(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  s        public getItemViewType(int)
  u        public setUpdateSuspended(boolean)
  x        public createInstanceState()

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$NavigationMenuHeaderItem (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$NavigationMenuItem       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$NavigationMenuSeparatorItem      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$c)
===============================================================================
  e    public getPaddingBottom()
  i    public getPaddingTop()

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$NavigationMenuTextItem   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$s)
===============================================================================
  u    public getMenuItem()

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$NormalViewHolder (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$NullPointerException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$SeparatorViewHolder      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$SubheaderViewHolder      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$ViewHolder       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e$b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a)
===============================================================================
  d    public getWindowAnimations()
  u    public initialize(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)

android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.internal.NavigationSubMenu        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d)
===============================================================================
  o    public onItemsChanged(boolean)

android.support.design.internal.NavigationSubMenu$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.internal.ParcelableSparseArray    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s)
===============================================================================
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.design.internal.ParcelableSparseArray$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s$1)
===============================================================================
  d    public newArray(int)
  v    public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)

android.support.design.internal.ParcelableSparseArray$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__)
===============================================================================
  b                    static access$100(android.support.design.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout)
  e                    protected onInsetsChanged(android.graphics.Rect)
  k                    static access$002(android.support.design.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout,android.graphics.Rect)
  y                    static access$000(android.support.design.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout)
  draw                 public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onAttachedToWindow   protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()

android.support.design.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__$1)
===============================================================================
  y    public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)

android.support.design.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.AnimationUtils     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o)
===============================================================================
  o    static lerp(int,int,float)
  z    static lerp(float,float,float)

android.support.design.widget.AnimationUtils$AnimationListenerAdapter    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o$a)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.design.widget.AnimationUtils$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout
===============================================================================
  b                            static access$200(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)
  c                            public final getTotalScrollRange()
  c                            public setExpanded(boolean)
  d                            static access$800(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)
  eval__                       private resetPendingAction()
  eval_b                       private getUpNestedPreScrollRange()
  eval_i                       private hasScrollableChildren()
  eval_x                       static access$400(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)
  f                            final getMinimumHeightForVisibleOverlappingContent()
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams         protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  h                            static access$300(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)
  i                            private getDownNestedScrollRange()
  m                            static access$900(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)
  o                            private getTopInset()
  q                            private getDownNestedPreScrollRange()
  q                            static access$500(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)
  q                            private onWindowInsetChanged(android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  r                            public getTargetElevation()
  s                            private getPendingAction()
  t                            private invalidateScrollRanges()
  t                            public addOnOffsetChangedListener(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$OnOffsetChangedListener)
  u                            static access$700(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)
  u                            public setExpanded(boolean,boolean)
  v                            static access$600(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)
  w                            private hasChildWithInterpolator()
  x                            static access$100(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)
  x                            static access$000(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  y                            public removeOnOffsetChangedListener(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$OnOffsetChangedListener)
  y                            public setTargetElevation(float)
  checkLayoutParams            protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams         protected volatile generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onLayout                     protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)
  setOrientation               public setOrientation(int)

android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$1
===============================================================================
  y    public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)

android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior
===============================================================================
  a        public volatile getLeftAndRightOffset()
  a        public onNestedFling(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout,android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  a        public volatile onStopNestedScroll(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  b        private dispatchOffsetUpdates(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)
  b        public onMeasureChild(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout,int,int,int,int)
  c        public volatile onNestedPreScroll(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View,int,int,int[])
  d        public volatile getTopAndBottomOffset()
  d        public volatile onLayoutChild(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,int)
  e        public volatile setTopAndBottomOffset(int)
  e        private static checkFlag(int,int)
  eval_g   public onNestedScroll(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout,android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  eval_h   volatile canDragView(android.view.View)
  f        public onStopNestedScroll(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout,android.view.View)
  f        private animateOffsetTo(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout,int)
  h        private getChildIndexOnOffset(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout,int)
  h        public onStartNestedScroll(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  h        volatile getScrollRangeForDragFling(android.view.View)
  j        public onLayoutChild(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout,int)
  k        getScrollRangeForDragFling(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)
  l        getTopBottomOffsetForScrollingSibling()
  l        public onNestedPreScroll(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout,android.view.View,int,int,int[])
  m        volatile onFlingFinished(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View)
  n        getMaxDragOffset(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)
  n        public onSaveInstanceState(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)
  o        public volatile onNestedScroll(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  o        public volatile onMeasureChild(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  q        volatile getMaxDragOffset(android.view.View)
  u        private snapToChildIfNeeded(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)
  u        public onRestoreInstanceState(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout,android.os.Parcelable)
  u        public volatile onNestedFling(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  u        public volatile setLeftAndRightOffset(int)
  v        public volatile onStartNestedScroll(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  w        canDragView(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)
  w        onFlingFinished(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)
  w        public volatile onSaveInstanceState(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View)
  x        static access$1000(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior)
  x        public setDragCallback(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$DragCallback)
  x        public volatile onRestoreInstanceState(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.os.Parcelable)
  y        private interpolateOffset(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout,int)
  y        volatile setHeaderTopBottomOffset(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,int,int,int)
  z        setHeaderTopBottomOffset(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout,int,int,int)

android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$1
===============================================================================
  e    public onAnimationUpdate(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat)

android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$DragCallback (android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$t)
===============================================================================
  q    public abstract canDrag(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)

android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$SavedState   (android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$eval_y)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$SavedState$1 (android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$eval_y$1)
===============================================================================
  d    public newArray(int)
  v    public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)

android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$SavedState$ParseException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$LayoutParams  (android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$z)
===============================================================================
  b        public getScrollInterpolator()
  eval_i   public getScrollFlags()
  q        public setScrollFlags(int)
  x        public setScrollInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)

android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$LayoutParams$NullPointerException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$LayoutParams$ScrollFlags      (android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$z$i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$OnOffsetChangedListener       (android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$r)
===============================================================================
  y    public abstract onOffsetChanged(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout,int)

android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior
===============================================================================
  a    public volatile getLeftAndRightOffset()
  a    getOverlapRatioForOffset(android.view.View)
  d    public volatile getTopAndBottomOffset()
  d    public layoutDependsOn(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  d    public volatile onLayoutChild(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,int)
  e    public volatile setTopAndBottomOffset(int)
  k    getScrollRange(android.view.View)
  n    private static getAppBarLayoutOffset(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)
  o    public onDependentViewChanged(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  o    public volatile onMeasureChild(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  r    findFirstDependency(java.util.List)
  u    public volatile setLeftAndRightOffset(int)
  x    private offsetChildAsNeeded(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior
===============================================================================
  a        public final getPeekHeight()
  a        static access$800(android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior)
  a        public onStopNestedScroll(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  b        public final getState()
  b        static access$1200(android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior)
  c        public isHideable()
  c        public onNestedPreFling(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View,float,float)
  c        public onNestedPreScroll(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View,int,int,int[])
  d        static access$1000(android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior)
  d        public onLayoutChild(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,int)
  e        public final setState(int)
  eval_i   public setBottomSheetCallback(android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$BottomSheetCallback)
  eval_o   private reset()
  f        static access$900(android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior,android.view.View,float)
  g        private getYVelocity()
  g        public setHideable(boolean)
  i        static access$300(android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior)
  j        static access$400(android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior)
  j        private setStateInternal(int)
  l        public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
  l        private findScrollingChild(android.view.View)
  l        private shouldHide(android.view.View,float)
  m        static access$000(android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior)
  n        static access$700(android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior)
  o        public static from(android.view.View)
  p        static access$500(android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior,int)
  q        static access$1100(android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior)
  r        public final setPeekHeight(int)
  u        static access$600(android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior,int)
  v        static access$100(android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior)
  v        public onStartNestedScroll(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  w        public onSaveInstanceState(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View)
  x        static access$200(android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior)
  x        public onRestoreInstanceState(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.os.Parcelable)
  y        public onTouchEvent(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
  z        private dispatchOnSlide(int)

android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$1
===============================================================================
  eval_x   public clampViewPositionVertical(android.view.View,int,int)
  f        public tryCaptureView(android.view.View,int)
  f        public onViewDragStateChanged(int)
  t        public onViewReleased(android.view.View,float,float)
  x        public clampViewPositionHorizontal(android.view.View,int,int)
  y        public getViewVerticalDragRange(android.view.View)
  y        public onViewPositionChanged(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$BottomSheetCallback    (android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$x)
===============================================================================
  r    public abstract onStateChanged(android.view.View,int)
  w    public abstract onSlide(android.view.View,float)

android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$SavedState     (android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$v)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$SavedState$1   (android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$v$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$SavedState$NullPointerException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$SettleRunnable (android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$eval_p)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$State  (android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetDialog  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y)
===============================================================================
  b                private wrapInBottomSheet(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  c                private shouldWindowCloseOnTouchOutside()
  f                private static getThemeResId(android.content.Context,int)
  onCreate         protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  setContentView   public setContentView(android.view.View)
  setContentView   public setContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  setContentView   public setContentView(int)

android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetDialog$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetDialog$2        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y$2)
===============================================================================
  r    public onStateChanged(android.view.View,int)
  w    public onSlide(android.view.View,float)

android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetDialog$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetDialogFragment
===============================================================================
  y    public onCreateDialog(android.os.Bundle)

android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetDialogFragment$NullPointerException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.CircularBorderDrawable     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e0)
===============================================================================
  eval_i           setGradientColors(int,int,int,int)
  g                private createGradientShader()
  k                setBorderWidth(float)
  r                final setRotation(float)
  w                setBorderTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  draw             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getOpacity       public getOpacity()
  getPadding       public getPadding(android.graphics.Rect)
  isStateful       public isStateful()
  onBoundsChange   protected onBoundsChange(android.graphics.Rect)
  onStateChange    protected onStateChange(int[])
  setAlpha         public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter   public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)

android.support.design.widget.CircularBorderDrawable$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.CircularBorderDrawableLollipop     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qp)
===============================================================================
  getOutline   public getOutline(android.graphics.Outline)

android.support.design.widget.CircularBorderDrawableLollipop$NullPointerException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.CollapsingTextHelper       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t7)
===============================================================================
  a        setExpandedTextColor(int)
  b        getExpandedTextColor()
  b        public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  d        public recalculate()
  e        private setInterpolatedTextSize(float)
  e        private calculateIsRtl(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_a   private calculateOffsets(float)
  eval_c   getExpandedTypeface()
  eval_e   private calculateCurrentOffsets()
  eval_l   private clearTexture()
  eval_p   setCollapsedTextGravity(int)
  eval_u   setExpansionFraction(float)
  eval_x   private calculateBaseOffsets()
  eval_y   private static rectEquals(android.graphics.Rect,int,int,int,int)
  f        setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  h        getExpandedTextSize()
  h        setCollapsedTextColor(int)
  i        setTextSizeInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  i        setExpandedTextAppearance(int)
  k        getCollapsedTextSize()
  k        setExpandedTextGravity(int)
  l        getCollapsedTypeface()
  l        setTypefaces(android.graphics.Typeface)
  m        getExpandedTextGravity()
  m        private interpolateBounds(float)
  m        private readFontFamilyTypeface(int)
  n        setCollapsedTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
  n        private static blendColors(int,int,float)
  p        getCollapsedTextGravity()
  p        setCollapsedBounds(int,int,int,int)
  q        getText()
  q        setExpandedTextSize(float)
  q        setCollapsedTextAppearance(int)
  r        getCollapsedTextColor()
  s        private calculateUsingTextSize(float)
  u        private ensureExpandedTexture()
  u        private static isClose(float,float)
  u        private static lerp(float,float,float,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  u        setExpandedBounds(int,int,int,int)
  v        setPositionInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  w        onBoundsChanged()
  w        setExpandedTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
  w        setCollapsedTextSize(float)
  z        getExpansionFraction()

android.support.design.widget.CollapsingTextHelper$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ia)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ni)
===============================================================================
  b                            public setStatusBarScrimResource(int)
  c                            public getExpandedTitleTypeface()
  c                            public setCollapsedTitleTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
  c                            public setStatusBarScrimColor(int)
  d                            public getExpandedTitleGravity()
  d                            public setContentScrim(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  d                            static access$400(android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout)
  eval_a                       public getStatusBarScrim()
  eval_b                       public setCollapsedTitleGravity(int)
  eval_h                       public getExpandedTitleMarginBottom()
  eval_j                       public isTitleEnabled()
  eval_l                       public setCollapsedTitleTextColor(int)
  eval_o                       public setExpandedTitleMarginBottom(int)
  eval_p                       final getScrimTriggerOffset()
  eval_s                       public getExpandedTitleMarginEnd()
  eval_t                       public getExpandedTitleMarginTop()
  eval_u                       private setScrimAlpha(int)
  eval_x                       private ensureToolbar()
  g                            public setScrimsShown(boolean,boolean)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  h                            private updateDummyView()
  h                            public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i                            static access$302(android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout,int)
  i                            public setTitleEnabled(boolean)
  i                            public setExpandedTitleMarginTop(int)
  j                            public setExpandedTitleTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
  l                            public setContentScrimColor(int)
  m                            public setExpandedTitleColor(int)
  n                            public getCollapsedTitleTypeface()
  o                            public getExpandedTitleMarginStart()
  o                            static access$600(android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout)
  o                            public setCollapsedTitleTextAppearance(int)
  p                            static access$200(android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout,int)
  r                            public getContentScrim()
  r                            private findDirectChild(android.view.View)
  r                            public setExpandedTitleMarginStart(int)
  s                            public getCollapsedTitleGravity()
  s                            static access$700(android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout)
  s                            private static getViewOffsetHelper(android.view.View)
  t                            public getTitle()
  t                            private static getHeightWithMargins(android.view.View)
  t                            public setExpandedTitleTextAppearance(int)
  v                            private setWindowInsets(android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  v                            public setExpandedTitleGravity(int)
  v                            public setExpandedTitleMargin(int,int,int,int)
  w                            static access$800(android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout)
  w                            public setExpandedTitleMarginEnd(int)
  x                            static access$000(android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  x                            public setContentScrimResource(int)
  y                            static access$500(android.view.View)
  y                            public setScrimsShown(boolean)
  y                            private animateScrim(int)
  z                            public setStatusBarScrim(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  checkLayoutParams            protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  draw                         public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawChild                    protected drawChild(android.graphics.Canvas,android.view.View,long)
  drawableStateChanged         protected drawableStateChanged()
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams         protected volatile generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onAttachedToWindow           protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow         protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout                     protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onSizeChanged                protected onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
  setVisibility                public setVisibility(int)
  verifyDrawable               protected verifyDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ni$1)
===============================================================================
  y    public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)

android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout$2  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ni$2)
===============================================================================
  e    public onAnimationUpdate(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat)

android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ck)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout$LayoutParams       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ni$a)
===============================================================================
  eval_u   public getParallaxMultiplier()
  g        public getCollapseMode()
  i        public setCollapseMode(int)
  l        public setParallaxMultiplier(float)

android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout$OffsetUpdateListener       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ni$d)
===============================================================================
  y    public onOffsetChanged(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout,int)

android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv)
===============================================================================
  a                                static parseBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,java.lang.String)
  a                                static access$200(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  a                                getDesiredAnchoredChildRect(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)
  b                                public getStatusBarBackground()
  b                                getResolvedLayoutParams(android.view.View)
  b                                private layoutChildWithAnchor(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  b                                dispatchOnDependentViewChanged(boolean)
  c                                removePreDrawListener()
  c                                private dispatchApplyWindowInsetsToBehaviors(android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  d                                private prepareChildren()
  d                                static access$300(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout)
  d                                getChildRect(android.view.View,boolean,android.graphics.Rect)
  d                                private getKeyline(int)
  e                                getLastChildRect(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_o                           public setStatusBarBackgroundResource(int)
  f                                addPreDrawListener()
  f                                private getTopSortedChildren(java.util.List)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  h                                public getDependencies(android.view.View)
  i                                private static resolveAnchoredChildGravity(int)
  j                                private setWindowInsets(android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  j                                getDescendantRect(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)
  k                                private resetTouchBehaviors()
  k                                public doViewsOverlap(android.view.View,android.view.View)
  l                                private performIntercept(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  l                                hasDependencies(android.view.View)
  l                                private layoutChildWithKeyline(android.view.View,int,int)
  p                                recordLastChildRect(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)
  p                                private layoutChild(android.view.View,int)
  p                                private static selectionSort(java.util.List,java.util.Comparator)
  q                                public dispatchDependentViewsChanged(android.view.View)
  r                                dispatchDependentViewRemoved(android.view.View)
  r                                public isPointInChildBounds(android.view.View,int,int)
  r                                private static resolveGravity(int)
  s                                public onMeasureChild(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  t                                ensurePreDrawListener()
  t                                private static resolveKeylineGravity(int)
  v                                public setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v                                offsetChildToAnchor(android.view.View,int)
  v                                public setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
  z                                public onLayoutChild(android.view.View,int)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  drawChild                        protected drawChild(android.graphics.Canvas,android.view.View,long)
  drawableStateChanged             protected drawableStateChanged()
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected volatile generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  getNestedScrollAxes              public getNestedScrollAxes()
  getSuggestedMinimumHeight        protected getSuggestedMinimumHeight()
  getSuggestedMinimumWidth         protected getSuggestedMinimumWidth()
  onAttachedToWindow               public onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow             public onDetachedFromWindow()
  onDraw                           public onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInterceptTouchEvent            public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onNestedFling                    public onNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  onNestedPreFling                 public onNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
  onNestedPreScroll                public onNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[])
  onNestedScroll                   public onNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  onNestedScrollAccepted           public onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState           protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState              protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onStartNestedScroll              public onStartNestedScroll(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  onStopNestedScroll               public onStopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent   public requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)
  setOnHierarchyChangeListener     public setOnHierarchyChangeListener(android.view.ViewGroup$OnHierarchyChangeListener)
  setVisibility                    public setVisibility(int)
  verifyDrawable                   protected verifyDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$1)
===============================================================================
  k        public compare(android.view.View,android.view.View)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$ApplyInsetsListener      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$p)
===============================================================================
  y    public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)

android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$z)
===============================================================================
  a    public onStopNestedScroll(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  c    public blocksInteractionBelow(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View)
  c    public onNestedPreFling(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View,float,float)
  c    public onNestedPreScroll(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View,int,int,int[])
  d    public layoutDependsOn(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  d    public onLayoutChild(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,int)
  d    public static setTag(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  e    public isDirty(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View)
  f    public static getTag(android.view.View)
  g    public onApplyWindowInsets(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  j    public getScrimOpacity(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View)
  l    public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
  l    public onDependentViewRemoved(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  o    public onDependentViewChanged(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  o    public onNestedScroll(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  o    public onMeasureChild(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  u    public onNestedFling(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  v    public onStartNestedScroll(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  w    public onSaveInstanceState(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View)
  x    public onRestoreInstanceState(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.os.Parcelable)
  x    public onNestedScrollAccepted(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  y    public getScrimColor(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View)
  y    public onTouchEvent(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$DefaultBehavior  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$eval_b)
===============================================================================
  v    public abstract value()

android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$HierarchyChangeListener  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$i)
===============================================================================
  onChildViewAdded     public onChildViewAdded(android.view.View,android.view.View)
  onChildViewRemoved   public onChildViewRemoved(android.view.View,android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$LayoutParams     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$m)
===============================================================================
  b        resetTouchBehaviorTracking()
  c        didBlockInteraction()
  d        isNestedScrollAccepted()
  e        resetNestedScroll()
  e        private verifyAnchorView(android.view.View,android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout)
  e        setChangedAfterNestedScroll(boolean)
  eval_u   resetChangedAfterNestedScroll()
  g        isBlockingInteractionBelow(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View)
  h        public setBehavior(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior)
  i        getChangedAfterNestedScroll()
  j        invalidateAnchor()
  j        setLastChildRect(android.graphics.Rect)
  j        dependsOn(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  n        public getBehavior()
  p        checkAnchorChanged()
  q        public getAnchorId()
  r        isDirty(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View)
  s        getLastChildRect()
  t        findAnchorView(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View)
  v        public setAnchorId(int)
  w        private resolveAnchorView(android.view.View,android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout)
  w        acceptNestedScroll(boolean)

android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$OnPreDrawListener        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$f)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ty)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$SavedState       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$eval_q)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$SavedState$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$eval_q$1)
===============================================================================
  d    public newArray(int)
  v    public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)

android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$SavedState$IOException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$ViewElevationComparator  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xv$b)
===============================================================================
  m        public compare(android.view.View,android.view.View)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayoutInsetsHelper      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zl)
===============================================================================
  w    public abstract setupForWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)

android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayoutInsetsHelper$Exception    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayoutInsetsHelperLollipop      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w7)
===============================================================================
  w    public setupForWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)

android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayoutInsetsHelperLollipop$ParseException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.DrawableUtils      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u6)
===============================================================================
  b    private static setContainerConstantStateV9(android.graphics.drawable.DrawableContainer,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable$ConstantState)
  f    static setContainerConstantState(android.graphics.drawable.DrawableContainer,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable$ConstantState)
  o    private static setContainerConstantStateV7(android.graphics.drawable.DrawableContainer,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable$ConstantState)

android.support.design.widget.DrawableUtils$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_td)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton
===============================================================================
  b                            private static resolveAdjustedSize(int,int)
  d                            static access$200(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton)
  d                            public setRippleColor(int)
  e                            static access$600(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton)
  e                            private hide(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$OnVisibilityChangedListener,boolean)
  e                            static access$000(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton,android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$OnVisibilityChangedListener,boolean)
  eval_h                       static parseTintMode(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  eval_l                       final getSizeDimension()
  f                            public show()
  f                            static access$400(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton)
  g                            private wrapOnVisibilityChangedListener(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$OnVisibilityChangedListener)
  h                            public getUseCompatPadding()
  i                            static access$501(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  j                            private getImpl()
  k                            public hide()
  k                            public hide(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$OnVisibilityChangedListener)
  l                            private createImpl()
  l                            public setCompatElevation(float)
  n                            public getCompatElevation()
  p                            static access$100(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton,android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$OnVisibilityChangedListener,boolean)
  t                            public show(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$OnVisibilityChangedListener)
  u                            private show(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$OnVisibilityChangedListener,boolean)
  y                            public getContentBackground()
  y                            public getContentRect(android.graphics.Rect)
  y                            public setUseCompatPadding(boolean)
  drawableStateChanged         protected drawableStateChanged()
  getBackgroundTintList        public getBackgroundTintList()
  getBackgroundTintMode        public getBackgroundTintMode()
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState  public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState()
  onAttachedToWindow           protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow         protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)
  setBackgroundColor           public setBackgroundColor(int)
  setBackgroundDrawable        public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setBackgroundResource        public setBackgroundResource(int)
  setBackgroundTintList        public setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  setBackgroundTintMode        public setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  setImageResource             public setImageResource(int)
  setVisibility                public volatile setVisibility(int)

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$1
===============================================================================
  a    public onShown()
  l    public onHidden()

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$Behavior
===============================================================================
  d        public volatile layoutDependsOn(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  d        public volatile onLayoutChild(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,int)
  eval_z   public onDependentViewRemoved(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton,android.view.View)
  f        private updateFabVisibility(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout,android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton)
  g        public layoutDependsOn(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton,android.view.View)
  h        private offsetIfNeeded(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton)
  l        public volatile onDependentViewRemoved(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  o        public volatile onDependentViewChanged(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  r        public onDependentViewChanged(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton,android.view.View)
  s        private updateFabTranslationForSnackbar(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton,android.view.View)
  x        private getFabTranslationYForSnackbar(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton)
  y        public onLayoutChild(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton,int)

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$Behavior$1
===============================================================================
  e    public onAnimationUpdate(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat)

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$Behavior$Exception    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$OnVisibilityChangedListener   (android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$l)
===============================================================================
  b    public onHidden(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton)
  e    public onShown(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton)

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$ShadowDelegateImpl    (android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$z)
===============================================================================
  c    public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  j    public setShadowPadding(int,int,int,int)
  m    public isCompatPaddingEnabled()
  w    public getRadius()

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonEclairMr1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hr)
===============================================================================
  b        hide(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonImpl$InternalVisibilityChangedListener,boolean)
  b        onTranslationZChanged(float)
  c        private static createColorStateList(int)
  d        setRippleColor(int)
  d        onDrawableStateChanged(int[])
  eval_n   setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  k        jumpDrawableToCurrentState()
  n        private setupAnimation(android.view.animation.Animation)
  p        getElevation()
  p        setBackgroundDrawable(android.content.res.ColorStateList,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode,int,int)
  t        show(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonImpl$InternalVisibilityChangedListener,boolean)
  u        getPadding(android.graphics.Rect)
  v        onCompatShadowChanged()
  y        onElevationChanged(float)
  z        setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  z        static access$202(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonEclairMr1,boolean)

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonEclairMr1$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hr$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd   public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonEclairMr1$2    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hr$2)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd   public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonEclairMr1$BaseShadowAnimation  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hr$a)
===============================================================================
  t                    protected abstract getTargetShadowSize()
  applyTransformation  protected applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)
  reset                public reset()

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonEclairMr1$ElevateToTranslationZAnimation       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hr$t)
===============================================================================
  t    protected getTargetShadowSize()

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonEclairMr1$Exception    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonEclairMr1$ResetElevationAnimation      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hr$w)
===============================================================================
  t    protected getTargetShadowSize()

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonIcs    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__a)
===============================================================================
  b        hide(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonImpl$InternalVisibilityChangedListener,boolean)
  eval_u   onPreDraw()
  m        requirePreDrawListener()
  n        private updateFromViewRotation(float)
  r        static access$002(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonIcs,boolean)
  t        show(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonImpl$InternalVisibilityChangedListener,boolean)

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonIcs$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__a$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationCancel    public onAnimationCancel(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.animation.Animator)

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonIcs$2  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__a$2)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd   public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationStart public onAnimationStart(android.animation.Animator)

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonIcs$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zk)
===============================================================================
  b        private ensurePreDrawListener()
  b        abstract hide(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonImpl$InternalVisibilityChangedListener,boolean)
  b        abstract onTranslationZChanged(float)
  c        newCircularDrawable()
  d        onAttachedToWindow()
  d        abstract setRippleColor(int)
  d        abstract onDrawableStateChanged(int[])
  e        createBorderDrawable(int,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  eval_b   final setElevation(float)
  eval_n   abstract setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  eval_u   onPreDraw()
  eval_v   final updatePadding()
  k        abstract jumpDrawableToCurrentState()
  l        onDetachedFromWindow()
  m        requirePreDrawListener()
  o        createShapeDrawable()
  p        abstract getElevation()
  p        abstract setBackgroundDrawable(android.content.res.ColorStateList,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode,int,int)
  p        onPaddingUpdated(android.graphics.Rect)
  t        abstract show(android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonImpl$InternalVisibilityChangedListener,boolean)
  u        final getContentBackground()
  u        abstract getPadding(android.graphics.Rect)
  v        abstract onCompatShadowChanged()
  v        final setPressedTranslationZ(float)
  y        abstract onElevationChanged(float)
  z        abstract setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonImpl$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zk$1)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonImpl$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonImpl$InternalVisibilityChangedListener (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zk$i)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onShown()
  l    public abstract onHidden()

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonLollipop       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i0)
===============================================================================
  b    onTranslationZChanged(float)
  c    newCircularDrawable()
  d    setRippleColor(int)
  d    onDrawableStateChanged(int[])
  k    jumpDrawableToCurrentState()
  m    requirePreDrawListener()
  p    public getElevation()
  p    setBackgroundDrawable(android.content.res.ColorStateList,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode,int,int)
  p    onPaddingUpdated(android.graphics.Rect)
  u    getPadding(android.graphics.Rect)
  v    onCompatShadowChanged()
  y    private setupAnimator(android.animation.Animator)
  y    public onElevationChanged(float)

android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonLollipop$IOException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.HeaderBehavior
===============================================================================
  d        static access$000(android.support.design.widget.HeaderBehavior)
  eval_h   canDragView(android.view.View)
  g        final fling(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,int,int,float)
  h        getScrollRangeForDragFling(android.view.View)
  l        getTopBottomOffsetForScrollingSibling()
  l        public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
  m        onFlingFinished(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View)
  m        final scroll(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,int,int,int)
  q        private ensureVelocityTracker()
  q        getMaxDragOffset(android.view.View)
  y        public onTouchEvent(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
  y        setHeaderTopBottomOffset(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,int)
  y        setHeaderTopBottomOffset(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.design.widget.HeaderBehavior$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.HeaderBehavior$FlingRunnable       (android.support.design.widget.HeaderBehavior$_)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.design.widget.HeaderScrollingViewBehavior
===============================================================================
  a    getOverlapRatioForOffset(android.view.View)
  b    private static resolveGravity(int)
  c    public final getOverlayTop()
  h    public final setOverlayTop(int)
  k    getScrollRange(android.view.View)
  o    public onMeasureChild(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  r    abstract findFirstDependency(java.util.List)
  t    final getVerticalLayoutGap()
  v    protected layoutChild(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,int)
  w    final getOverlapPixelsForOffset(android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.HeaderScrollingViewBehavior$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.MathUtils  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_as)
===============================================================================
  eval_d   static constrain(float,float,float)
  p        static constrain(int,int,int)

android.support.design.widget.MathUtils$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.NavigationView     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gi)
===============================================================================
  c                        public setItemTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  d                        public removeHeaderView(android.view.View)
  e                        protected onInsetsChanged(android.graphics.Rect)
  e                        public inflateHeaderView(int)
  eval_c                   private getMenuInflater()
  eval_h                   public addHeaderView(android.view.View)
  eval_l                   private createDefaultColorStateList(int)
  eval_s                   public setItemTextAppearance(int)
  h                        public setItemIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  h                        public setItemBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  i                        public inflateMenu(int)
  j                        public getHeaderView(int)
  p                        public setCheckedItem(int)
  q                        public getMenu()
  s                        public getItemTextColor()
  s                        static access$000(android.support.design.widget.NavigationView)
  t                        public getItemIconTintList()
  t                        public setItemBackgroundResource(int)
  w                        public setNavigationItemSelectedListener(android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$OnNavigationItemSelectedListener)
  y                        public getItemBackground()
  z                        public getHeaderCount()
  onMeasure                protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState   protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState      protected onSaveInstanceState()

android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gi$1)
===============================================================================
  x    public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  y    public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$OnNavigationItemSelectedListener    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gi$_)
===============================================================================
  o    public abstract onNavigationItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$SavedState  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gi$d)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$SavedState$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gi$d$1)
===============================================================================
  d    public newArray(int)
  v    public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)

android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$SavedState$NullPointerException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.ShadowDrawableWrapper      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u3)
===============================================================================
  eval_d           public setMaxShadowSize(float)
  eval_r           public setShadowSize(float)
  f                final setRotation(float)
  g                private drawShadow(android.graphics.Canvas)
  j                public getMinWidth()
  l                private static toEven(float)
  m                private buildShadowCorners()
  p                private buildComponents(android.graphics.Rect)
  r                public static calculateHorizontalPadding(float,float,boolean)
  s                public getMinHeight()
  s                public static calculateVerticalPadding(float,float,boolean)
  u                public getCornerRadius()
  v                public getMaxShadowSize()
  w                public setAddPaddingForCorners(boolean)
  w                setShadowSize(float,float)
  x                public setCornerRadius(float)
  y                public getShadowSize()
  draw             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getOpacity       public getOpacity()
  getPadding       public getPadding(android.graphics.Rect)
  onBoundsChange   protected onBoundsChange(android.graphics.Rect)
  setAlpha         public setAlpha(int)

android.support.design.widget.ShadowDrawableWrapper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.ShadowViewDelegate (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rq)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  j    public abstract setShadowPadding(int,int,int,int)
  m    public abstract isCompatPaddingEnabled()
  w    public abstract getRadius()

android.support.design.widget.ShadowViewDelegate$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar
===============================================================================
  a        public setActionTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  a        public static make(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,int)
  b        public isShown()
  b        static access$200(android.support.design.widget.Snackbar)
  c        static access$400(android.support.design.widget.Snackbar)
  d        public dismiss()
  eval_c   final showView()
  eval_e   private onViewShown()
  eval_h   private animateViewIn()
  eval_i   public setText(int)
  eval_q   private animateViewOut(int)
  eval_u   private onViewHidden(int)
  f        static access$700(android.support.design.widget.Snackbar)
  f        static access$000(android.support.design.widget.Snackbar,int)
  g        private shouldAnimate()
  h        private static findSuitableParent(android.view.View)
  h        private dispatchDismiss(int)
  i        public getView()
  i        static access$300(android.support.design.widget.Snackbar,int)
  i        public setAction(java.lang.CharSequence,android.view.View$OnClickListener)
  l        static access$100()
  l        final hideView(int)
  m        public static make(android.view.View,int,int)
  m        public setAction(int,android.view.View$OnClickListener)
  o        public setDuration(int)
  s        static access$600(android.support.design.widget.Snackbar)
  t        public isShownOrQueued()
  t        public setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  u        public getDuration()
  u        public setCallback(android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$Callback)
  v        static access$500(android.support.design.widget.Snackbar)
  v        public setActionTextColor(int)
  y        public show()

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$1
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$10
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$2
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$3
===============================================================================
  eval_b   public show()
  g        public dismiss(int)

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$4
===============================================================================
  o    public onDragStateChanged(int)
  r    public onDismiss(android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$5
===============================================================================
  b    public onViewAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
  i    public onViewDetachedFromWindow(android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$5$1
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$5$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_az)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$6
===============================================================================
  f    public onLayoutChange(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$7
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$8
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$9
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$Behavior
===============================================================================
  k    public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout,android.view.MotionEvent)
  l    public volatile onInterceptTouchEvent(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
  w    public canSwipeDismissView(android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$Callback  (android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$b)
===============================================================================
  x    public onShown(android.support.design.widget.Snackbar)
  z    public onDismissed(android.support.design.widget.Snackbar,int)

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$Callback$DismissEvent     (android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$b$_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$Callback$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$Duration  (android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout    (android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$e)
===============================================================================
  a                    private static updateTopBottomPadding(android.view.View,int,int)
  a                    private updateViewsWithinLayout(int,int,int)
  f                    getActionView()
  f                    setOnAttachStateChangeListener(android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout$OnAttachStateChangeListener)
  u                    animateChildrenOut(int,int)
  w                    setOnLayoutChangeListener(android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout$OnLayoutChangeListener)
  w                    animateChildrenIn(int,int)
  x                    getMessageView()
  onAttachedToWindow   protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onFinishInflate      protected onFinishInflate()
  onLayout             protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_en)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout$OnAttachStateChangeListener        (android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$e$r)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onViewAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
  i    public abstract onViewDetachedFromWindow(android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout$OnLayoutChangeListener     (android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$e$h)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract onLayoutChange(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yi)
===============================================================================
  c        private showNextSnackbarLocked()
  e        static access$000(android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager,android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$SnackbarRecord)
  eval_a   public show(int,android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$Callback)
  eval_o   public isCurrentOrNext(android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$Callback)
  g        public restoreTimeout(android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$Callback)
  l        public onDismissed(android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$Callback)
  m        public isCurrent(android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$Callback)
  p        private handleTimeout(android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$SnackbarRecord)
  q        private cancelSnackbarLocked(android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$SnackbarRecord,int)
  r        private isNextSnackbarLocked(android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$Callback)
  s        public cancelTimeout(android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$Callback)
  u        public onShown(android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$Callback)
  w        public dismiss(android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$Callback,int)
  x        private scheduleTimeoutLocked(android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$SnackbarRecord)
  y        static getInstance()
  z        private isCurrentSnackbarLocked(android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$Callback)

android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yi$1)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$Callback   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yi$p)
===============================================================================
  eval_b   public abstract show()
  g        public abstract dismiss(int)

android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$SnackbarRecord     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yi$_)
===============================================================================
  l    static access$200(android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$SnackbarRecord)
  n    isSnackbar(android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$Callback)
  t    static access$102(android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$SnackbarRecord,int)
  x    static access$100(android.support.design.widget.SnackbarManager$SnackbarRecord)

android.support.design.widget.StateListAnimator  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_by)
===============================================================================
  a    static access$000(android.support.design.widget.StateListAnimator)
  b    private clearTarget()
  g    public addState(int[],android.view.animation.Animation)
  h    getRunningAnimation()
  k    public jumpToCurrentState()
  l    private start(android.support.design.widget.StateListAnimator$Tuple)
  o    static access$002(android.support.design.widget.StateListAnimator,android.view.animation.Animation)
  p    getTarget()
  r    getTuples()
  r    setTarget(android.view.View)
  y    setState(int[])
  z    private cancel()

android.support.design.widget.StateListAnimator$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_by$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.design.widget.StateListAnimator$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.StateListAnimator$Tuple    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_by$q)
===============================================================================
  d    getAnimation()
  t    getSpecs()

android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior
===============================================================================
  e        static access$000(android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior)
  eval_b   static access$300(android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior)
  f        static access$100(android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior)
  g        public getDragState()
  g        static access$400(int,int,int)
  h        public setListener(android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior$OnDismissListener)
  i        public setStartAlphaSwipeDistance(float)
  i        private static clamp(float,float,float)
  l        public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
  l        private ensureViewDragHelper(android.view.ViewGroup)
  l        public setEndAlphaSwipeDistance(float)
  l        static access$700(float,float,float)
  u        public setDragDismissDistance(float)
  u        static fraction(float,float,float)
  u        public setSwipeDirection(int)
  v        static access$200(android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior)
  w        public canSwipeDismissView(android.view.View)
  w        public setSensitivity(float)
  y        public onTouchEvent(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
  y        static access$500(android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior)
  z        static access$600(android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior)
  z        private static clamp(int,int,int)

android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior$1
===============================================================================
  a        private shouldDismiss(android.view.View,float)
  eval_x   public clampViewPositionVertical(android.view.View,int,int)
  f        public tryCaptureView(android.view.View,int)
  f        public onViewDragStateChanged(int)
  m        public getViewHorizontalDragRange(android.view.View)
  t        public onViewReleased(android.view.View,float,float)
  v        public onViewCaptured(android.view.View,int)
  x        public clampViewPositionHorizontal(android.view.View,int,int)
  y        public onViewPositionChanged(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ql)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior$OnDismissListener     (android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior$_)
===============================================================================
  o    public abstract onDragStateChanged(int)
  r    public abstract onDismiss(android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior$SettleRunnable        (android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior$n)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.design.widget.TabItem    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.TabItem$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.TabLayout  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6)
===============================================================================
  a                            public addTab(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab,int,boolean)
  a                            static access$2202(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout,int)
  a                            private updateTabViewLayoutParams(android.widget.LinearLayout$LayoutParams)
  b                            static access$1900(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout)
  b                            selectTab(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab)
  c                            private createLayoutParamsForTabs()
  c                            public addTab(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab,boolean)
  c                            public setScrollPosition(int,float,boolean)
  d                            static access$1000(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout)
  d                            public setOnTabSelectedListener(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$OnTabSelectedListener)
  d                            private configureTab(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab,int)
  d                            private dpToPx(int)
  d                            private static createColorStateList(int,int)
  e                            private addTabFromItemView(android.support.design.widget.TabItem)
  e                            private setPagerAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter,boolean)
  e                            private addViewInternal(android.view.View)
  e                            public getTabAt(int)
  eval_b                       private getTabMinWidth()
  eval_k                       private removeTabViewAt(int)
  eval_s                       private animateToTab(int)
  eval_u                       static access$2000(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout)
  eval_w                       static access$2800(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout)
  eval_x                       static access$1200(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout)
  eval_z                       private getDefaultHeight()
  f                            static access$1100(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout)
  f                            private createTabView(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab)
  f                            static access$2300(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout,boolean)
  g                            public addTab(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab)
  g                            public setupWithViewPager(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
  g                            public setSelectedTabIndicatorColor(int)
  h                            public getTabMode()
  i                            public removeTab(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab)
  i                            public setTabGravity(int)
  j                            private addTabView(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab,int,boolean)
  j                            public setSelectedTabIndicatorHeight(int)
  k                            public getTabTextColors()
  k                            public setTabsFromPagerAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  k                            public setTabMode(int)
  k                            public setTabTextColors(int,int)
  l                            private updateAllTabs()
  m                            public getTabGravity()
  m                            static access$1500(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout)
  n                            private getTabMaxWidth()
  n                            private addTabView(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab,boolean)
  o                            public removeAllTabs()
  o                            static access$900(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout)
  o                            private setScrollPosition(int,float,boolean,boolean)
  p                            private getScrollPosition()
  p                            static access$1400(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout)
  p                            static access$2100(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout,int)
  q                            private setSelectedTabView(int)
  r                            static access$1600(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout)
  r                            public addTab(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab,int)
  s                            private populateFromPagerAdapter()
  s                            static access$1800(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout)
  t                            static access$1300(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout)
  t                            private updateTabViews(boolean)
  u                            private getTabScrollRange()
  u                            private calculateScrollXForTab(int,float)
  v                            public getSelectedTabPosition()
  w                            public newTab()
  w                            public setTabTextColors(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  w                            static access$2200(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout)
  w                            selectTab(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab,boolean)
  x                            static access$1700(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout)
  y                            public getTabCount()
  y                            static access$2700(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout,int,float,boolean,boolean)
  y                            public removeTabAt(int)
  z                            private applyModeAndGravity()
  addView                      public addView(android.view.View)
  addView                      public addView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  addView                      public addView(android.view.View,int)
  addView                      public addView(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  generateLayoutParams         public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)
  shouldDelayChildPressedState public shouldDelayChildPressedState()

android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$1)
===============================================================================
  e    public onAnimationUpdate(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat)

android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ij)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Mode     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$OnTabSelectedListener    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$n)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onTabSelected(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab)
  k    public abstract onTabUnselected(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab)
  m    public abstract onTabReselected(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab)

android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$PagerAdapterObserver     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$x)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$SlidingTabStrip  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$f)
===============================================================================
  e            static access$2502(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$SlidingTabStrip,int)
  j            private updateIndicatorPosition()
  j            setIndicatorPositionFromTabPosition(int,float)
  m            setSelectedIndicatorColor(int)
  m            animateIndicatorToPosition(int,int)
  t            static access$2602(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$SlidingTabStrip,float)
  t            static access$2400(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$SlidingTabStrip,int,int)
  v            childrenNeedLayout()
  w            setSelectedIndicatorHeight(int)
  x            private setIndicatorPosition(int,int)
  y            getIndicatorPosition()
  draw         public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onLayout     protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure    protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$SlidingTabStrip$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$f$1)
===============================================================================
  e    public onAnimationUpdate(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat)

android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$SlidingTabStrip$2        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$f$2)
===============================================================================
  e    public onAnimationEnd(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat)

android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$SlidingTabStrip$NullPointerException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ed)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$s)
===============================================================================
  a        static access$200(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab)
  b        public getTag()
  b        static access$000(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab)
  eval_a   private reset()
  eval_f   public getContentDescription()
  eval_g   public setTag(java.lang.Object)
  f        static access$300(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab)
  f        public setIcon(int)
  g        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  g        static access$202(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab,android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$TabView)
  g        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  g        public setContentDescription(int)
  i        public setCustomView(int)
  i        public setContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  n        setPosition(int)
  q        public getPosition()
  q        public setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public select()
  s        static access$002(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab,android.support.design.widget.TabLayout)
  t        public getText()
  v        private updateView()
  v        static access$600(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab)
  w        public getIcon()
  x        public isSelected()
  z        public getCustomView()
  z        public setText(int)

android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$TabGravity       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$TabLayoutOnPageChangeListener    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$w)
===============================================================================
  eval_p   public onPageScrollStateChanged(int)
  l        public onPageSelected(int)
  o        static access$400(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$TabLayoutOnPageChangeListener)
  p        public onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  r        private reset()

android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$TabView  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$_)
===============================================================================
  g                                private reset()
  i                                private setTab(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab)
  l                                static access$800(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$TabView)
  m                                final update()
  s                                private updateTextAndIcon(android.widget.TextView,android.widget.ImageView)
  t                                static access$700(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$TabView,android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab)
  x                                private approximateLineWidth(android.text.Layout,int,float)
  z                                public getTab()
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onLongClick                      public onLongClick(android.view.View)
  onMeasure                        public onMeasure(int,int)
  performClick                     public performClick()
  setSelected                      public setSelected(boolean)

android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$ViewPagerOnTabSelectedListener   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i6$eval_t)
===============================================================================
  b    public onTabSelected(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab)
  k    public onTabUnselected(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab)
  m    public onTabReselected(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$Tab)

android.support.design.widget.TextInputEditText  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l2)
===============================================================================
  onCreateInputConnection  public onCreateInputConnection(android.view.inputmethod.EditorInfo)

android.support.design.widget.TextInputEditText$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jo)
===============================================================================
  b                        public setHintAnimationEnabled(boolean)
  c                        private animateToExpansionFraction(float)
  d                        static access$200(android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout)
  d                        private updateLabelState(boolean)
  d                        private static arrayContains(int[],int)
  e                        public isHintAnimationEnabled()
  e                        private updateEditTextMargin(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  e                        private setEditText(android.widget.EditText)
  eval_d                   public isCounterEnabled()
  eval_e                   private updateEditTextBackground()
  eval_o                   public getError()
  eval_q                   private removeIndicator(android.widget.TextView)
  eval_x                   public getEditText()
  f                        public setTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
  f                        public setCounterMaxLength(int)
  g                        static access$400(android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout)
  h                        static access$100(android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout,boolean)
  h                        public setHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i                        private ensureBackgroundDrawableStateWorkaround()
  i                        private expandHint(boolean)
  j                        private adjustIndicatorPadding()
  l                        public isHintEnabled()
  l                        static access$600(android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout)
  m                        public setHintTextAppearance(int)
  n                        static access$500(android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout)
  n                        public setCounterEnabled(boolean)
  p                        public getTypeface()
  r                        public getCounterMaxLength()
  r                        public setErrorEnabled(boolean)
  s                        public setHintEnabled(boolean)
  t                        public isErrorEnabled()
  t                        static access$300(android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout,int)
  v                        private setHintInternal(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y                        public getHint()
  y                        private static clearColorFilter(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  y                        private addIndicator(android.widget.TextView,int)
  y                        private collapseHint(boolean)
  z                        private updateCounter(int)
  z                        public setError(java.lang.CharSequence)
  addView                  public addView(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  draw                     public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onLayout                 protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState   protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState      public onSaveInstanceState()
  refreshDrawableState     public refreshDrawableState()

android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jo$1)
===============================================================================
  afterTextChanged     public afterTextChanged(android.text.Editable)
  beforeTextChanged    public beforeTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)
  onTextChanged        public onTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)

android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$2  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jo$2)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$3  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jo$3)
===============================================================================
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$4  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jo$4)
===============================================================================
  e    public onAnimationUpdate(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat)

android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$SavedState (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jo$s)
===============================================================================
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$SavedState$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jo$s$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$TextInputAccessibilityDelegate     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jo$g)
===============================================================================
  i    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  k    public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  o    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)

android.support.design.widget.ThemeUtils (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ao)
===============================================================================
  p    static checkAppCompatTheme(android.content.Context)

android.support.design.widget.ThemeUtils$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb)
===============================================================================
  d        public setDuration(int)
  eval_n   public isRunning()
  f        public getAnimatedFraction()
  g        public cancel()
  h        public end()
  l        public setInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  n        public getDuration()
  o        public getAnimatedIntValue()
  p        public setFloatValues(float,float)
  r        public setIntValues(int,int)
  s        public setUpdateListener(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$AnimatorUpdateListener)
  x        public getAnimatedFloatValue()
  y        public start()
  z        public setListener(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$AnimatorListener)

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$1)
===============================================================================
  g    public onAnimationUpdate()

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$2      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$2)
===============================================================================
  b    public onAnimationStart()
  r    public onAnimationCancel()
  y    public onAnimationEnd()

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$AnimatorListener       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$m)
===============================================================================
  e        public abstract onAnimationEnd(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat)
  eval_q   public abstract onAnimationStart(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat)
  z        public abstract onAnimationCancel(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat)

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$AnimatorListenerAdapter        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$o)
===============================================================================
  e        public onAnimationEnd(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat)
  eval_q   public onAnimationStart(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat)
  z        public onAnimationCancel(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat)

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$AnimatorUpdateListener (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$l)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract onAnimationUpdate(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat)

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Creator        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$b)
===============================================================================
  m    public abstract createAnimator()

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_aj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Impl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$eval_u)
===============================================================================
  a        abstract setInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  d        abstract getAnimatedFloatValue()
  eval_o   abstract getDuration()
  eval_v   abstract end()
  f        abstract getAnimatedFraction()
  g        abstract setUpdateListener(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Impl$AnimatorUpdateListenerProxy)
  i        abstract isRunning()
  k        abstract setListener(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Impl$AnimatorListenerProxy)
  n        abstract getAnimatedIntValue()
  o        abstract setIntValues(int,int)
  q        abstract cancel()
  u        abstract setDuration(int)
  v        abstract setFloatValues(float,float)
  w        abstract start()

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Impl$AnimatorListenerProxy     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$eval_u$s)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onAnimationStart()
  r    public abstract onAnimationCancel()
  y    public abstract onAnimationEnd()

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Impl$AnimatorUpdateListenerProxy       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sb$eval_u$n)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract onAnimationUpdate()

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Impl$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompatImplEclairMr1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nv)
===============================================================================
  a        public setInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  c        static access$000(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompatImplEclairMr1)
  d        public getAnimatedFloatValue()
  eval_o   public getDuration()
  eval_v   public end()
  f        public getAnimatedFraction()
  g        public setUpdateListener(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Impl$AnimatorUpdateListenerProxy)
  i        public isRunning()
  k        public setListener(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Impl$AnimatorListenerProxy)
  n        public getAnimatedIntValue()
  o        public setIntValues(int,int)
  q        public cancel()
  t        private update()
  u        public setDuration(int)
  v        public setFloatValues(float,float)
  w        public start()

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompatImplEclairMr1$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nv$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompatImplEclairMr1$ParseException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompatImplHoneycombMr1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wo)
===============================================================================
  a        public setInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  d        public getAnimatedFloatValue()
  eval_o   public getDuration()
  eval_v   public end()
  f        public getAnimatedFraction()
  g        public setUpdateListener(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Impl$AnimatorUpdateListenerProxy)
  i        public isRunning()
  k        public setListener(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$Impl$AnimatorListenerProxy)
  n        public getAnimatedIntValue()
  o        public setIntValues(int,int)
  q        public cancel()
  u        public setDuration(int)
  v        public setFloatValues(float,float)
  w        public start()

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompatImplHoneycombMr1$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wo$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationUpdate    public onAnimationUpdate(android.animation.ValueAnimator)

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompatImplHoneycombMr1$2      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wo$2)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationCancel    public onAnimationCancel(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.animation.Animator)

android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompatImplHoneycombMr1$NullPointerException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.ViewGroupUtils     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mm)
===============================================================================
  p    static getDescendantRect(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)
  z    static offsetDescendantRect(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.design.widget.ViewGroupUtils$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mm$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.ViewGroupUtils$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ug)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.ViewGroupUtils$ViewGroupUtilsImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mm$k)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract offsetDescendantRect(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.design.widget.ViewGroupUtils$ViewGroupUtilsImplBase      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mm$m)
===============================================================================
  j    public offsetDescendantRect(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.design.widget.ViewGroupUtils$ViewGroupUtilsImplHoneycomb (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mm$c)
===============================================================================
  j    public offsetDescendantRect(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.design.widget.ViewGroupUtilsHoneycomb    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fp)
===============================================================================
  o    static offsetDescendantMatrix(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.graphics.Matrix)
  v    public static offsetDescendantRect(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.design.widget.ViewGroupUtilsHoneycomb$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ma)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.ViewOffsetBehavior
===============================================================================
  a    public getLeftAndRightOffset()
  d    public getTopAndBottomOffset()
  d    public onLayoutChild(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,int)
  e    public setTopAndBottomOffset(int)
  u    public setLeftAndRightOffset(int)
  v    protected layoutChild(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,int)

android.support.design.widget.ViewOffsetBehavior$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ov)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.ViewOffsetHelper   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dy)
===============================================================================
  a        public onViewLayout()
  d        public getLeftAndRightOffset()
  eval_m   public setTopAndBottomOffset(int)
  h        private updateOffsets()
  q        public setLeftAndRightOffset(int)
  u        public getTopAndBottomOffset()

android.support.design.widget.ViewOffsetHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.ViewUtils  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wh)
===============================================================================
  n    static createAnimator()
  z    static setBoundsViewOutlineProvider(android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.ViewUtils$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wh$1)
===============================================================================
  m    public createAnimator()

android.support.design.widget.ViewUtils$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_al)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.ViewUtils$ViewUtilsImpl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wh$v)
===============================================================================
  r    public abstract setBoundsViewOutlineProvider(android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.ViewUtils$ViewUtilsImplBase        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wh$i)
===============================================================================
  r    public setBoundsViewOutlineProvider(android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.ViewUtils$ViewUtilsImplLollipop    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wh$q)
===============================================================================
  r    public setBoundsViewOutlineProvider(android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.ViewUtilsLollipop  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w9)
===============================================================================
  j    static setBoundsViewOutlineProvider(android.view.View)

android.support.design.widget.ViewUtilsLollipop$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_im)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.design.widget.VisibilityAwareImageButton (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zj)
===============================================================================
  r                final getUserSetVisibility()
  u                final internalSetVisibility(int,boolean)
  setVisibility    public setVisibility(int)

android.support.design.widget.VisibilityAwareImageButton$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.graphics.drawable.AndroidResources       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.graphics.drawable.AndroidResources$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.graphics.drawable.AnimatedVectorDrawableCompat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vh)
===============================================================================
  c                            static access$100(android.support.graphics.drawable.AnimatedVectorDrawableCompat)
  g                            private setupAnimatorsForTarget(java.lang.String,android.animation.Animator)
  h                            private isStarted()
  j                            public static createFromXmlInner(android.content.Context,android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  m                            public static create(android.content.Context,int)
  p                            private setupColorAnimator(android.animation.Animator)
  z                            static obtainAttributes(android.content.res.Resources,android.content.res.Resources$Theme,android.util.AttributeSet,int[])
  applyTheme                   public applyTheme(android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  canApplyTheme                public canApplyTheme()
  clearColorFilter             public volatile clearColorFilter()
  draw                         public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getAlpha                     public getAlpha()
  getChangingConfigurations    public getChangingConfigurations()
  getColorFilter               public volatile getColorFilter()
  getConstantState             public getConstantState()
  getCurrent                   public volatile getCurrent()
  getIntrinsicHeight           public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth            public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getLayoutDirection           public volatile getLayoutDirection()
  getMinimumHeight             public volatile getMinimumHeight()
  getMinimumWidth              public volatile getMinimumWidth()
  getOpacity                   public getOpacity()
  getPadding                   public volatile getPadding(android.graphics.Rect)
  getState                     public volatile getState()
  getTransparentRegion         public volatile getTransparentRegion()
  inflate                      public inflate(android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet)
  inflate                      public inflate(android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  isAutoMirrored               public volatile isAutoMirrored()
  isRunning                    public isRunning()
  isStateful                   public isStateful()
  jumpToCurrentState           public volatile jumpToCurrentState()
  mutate                       public mutate()
  onBoundsChange               protected onBoundsChange(android.graphics.Rect)
  onLevelChange                protected onLevelChange(int)
  onStateChange                protected onStateChange(int[])
  setAlpha                     public setAlpha(int)
  setAutoMirrored              public volatile setAutoMirrored(boolean)
  setChangingConfigurations    public volatile setChangingConfigurations(int)
  setColorFilter               public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  setColorFilter               public volatile setColorFilter(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  setFilterBitmap              public volatile setFilterBitmap(boolean)
  setHotspot                   public volatile setHotspot(float,float)
  setHotspotBounds             public volatile setHotspotBounds(int,int,int,int)
  setState                     public volatile setState(int[])
  setTint                      public setTint(int)
  setTintList                  public setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  setTintMode                  public setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean,boolean)
  start                        public start()
  stop                         public stop()

android.support.graphics.drawable.AnimatedVectorDrawableCompat$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vh$1)
===============================================================================
  invalidateDrawable   public invalidateDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  scheduleDrawable     public scheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  unscheduleDrawable   public unscheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.graphics.drawable.AnimatedVectorDrawableCompat$AnimatedVectorDrawableCompatState (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vh$f)
===============================================================================
  getChangingConfigurations    public getChangingConfigurations()
  newDrawable                  public newDrawable()
  newDrawable                  public newDrawable(android.content.res.Resources)

android.support.graphics.drawable.AnimatedVectorDrawableCompat$AnimatedVectorDrawableDelegateState       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vh$k)
===============================================================================
  canApplyTheme                public canApplyTheme()
  getChangingConfigurations    public getChangingConfigurations()
  newDrawable                  public newDrawable()
  newDrawable                  public newDrawable(android.content.res.Resources)
  newDrawable                  public newDrawable(android.content.res.Resources,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)

android.support.graphics.drawable.AnimatedVectorDrawableCompat$ParseException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ii)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.graphics.drawable.BuildConfig    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.graphics.drawable.BuildConfig$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nx)
===============================================================================
  d    public static createNodesFromPathData(java.lang.String)
  g    private static copyOfRange(float[],int,int)
  i    private static addNode(java.util.ArrayList,char,float[])
  k    private static nextStart(java.lang.String,int)
  l    public static updateNodes(android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$PathDataNode[],android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$PathDataNode[])
  m    public static deepCopyNodes(android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$PathDataNode[])
  n    private static extract(java.lang.String,int,android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$ExtractFloatResult)
  q    public static createPathFromPathData(java.lang.String)
  r    private static getFloats(java.lang.String)
  u    static access$300(float[],int,int)
  y    public static canMorph(android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$PathDataNode[],android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$PathDataNode[])

android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nx$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_si)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$ExtractFloatResult  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nx$e)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$PathDataNode        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nx$d)
===============================================================================
  d    private static addCommand(android.graphics.Path,float[],char,char,float[])
  i    private static arcToBezier(android.graphics.Path,double,double,double,double,double,double,double,double,double)
  n    public interpolatePathDataNode(android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$PathDataNode,android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$PathDataNode,float)
  r    public static nodesToPath(android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$PathDataNode[],android.graphics.Path)
  y    private static drawArc(android.graphics.Path,float,float,float,float,float,float,float,boolean,boolean)

android.support.graphics.drawable.TypedArrayUtils        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ai)
===============================================================================
  d        public static getNamedColor(android.content.res.TypedArray,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,java.lang.String,int,int)
  e        public static getNamedFloat(android.content.res.TypedArray,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,java.lang.String,int,float)
  eval_b   public static getNamedBoolean(android.content.res.TypedArray,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,java.lang.String,int,boolean)
  o        public static getNamedInt(android.content.res.TypedArray,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,java.lang.String,int,int)
  t        public static hasAttribute(org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,java.lang.String)

android.support.graphics.drawable.TypedArrayUtils$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCommon   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fx)
===============================================================================
  z                            static obtainAttributes(android.content.res.Resources,android.content.res.Resources$Theme,android.util.AttributeSet,int[])
  applyTheme                   public applyTheme(android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  clearColorFilter             public clearColorFilter()
  getColorFilter               public getColorFilter()
  getCurrent                   public getCurrent()
  getLayoutDirection           public getLayoutDirection()
  getMinimumHeight             public getMinimumHeight()
  getMinimumWidth              public getMinimumWidth()
  getPadding                   public getPadding(android.graphics.Rect)
  getState                     public getState()
  getTransparentRegion         public getTransparentRegion()
  isAutoMirrored               public isAutoMirrored()
  jumpToCurrentState           public jumpToCurrentState()
  onBoundsChange               protected onBoundsChange(android.graphics.Rect)
  onLevelChange                protected onLevelChange(int)
  setAutoMirrored              public setAutoMirrored(boolean)
  setChangingConfigurations    public setChangingConfigurations(int)
  setColorFilter               public setColorFilter(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  setFilterBitmap              public setFilterBitmap(boolean)
  setHotspot                   public setHotspot(float,float)
  setHotspotBounds             public setHotspotBounds(int,int,int,int)
  setState                     public setState(int[])

android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCommon$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx)
===============================================================================
  c                            private printGroupTree(android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup,int)
  h                            private inflateInternal(android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  p                            getTargetByName(java.lang.String)
  t                            private updateStateFromTypedArray(android.content.res.TypedArray,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser)
  v                            public static create(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  v                            updateTintFilter(android.graphics.PorterDuffColorFilter,android.content.res.ColorStateList,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  w                            setAllowCaching(boolean)
  w                            private static parseTintModeCompat(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  x                            public getPixelSize()
  x                            private static applyAlpha(int,float)
  z                            private needMirroring()
  z                            public static createFromXmlInner(android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  z                            static access$900(int,float)
  applyTheme                   public volatile applyTheme(android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  canApplyTheme                public canApplyTheme()
  clearColorFilter             public volatile clearColorFilter()
  draw                         public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getAlpha                     public getAlpha()
  getChangingConfigurations    public getChangingConfigurations()
  getColorFilter               public volatile getColorFilter()
  getConstantState             public getConstantState()
  getCurrent                   public volatile getCurrent()
  getIntrinsicHeight           public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth            public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getLayoutDirection           public volatile getLayoutDirection()
  getMinimumHeight             public volatile getMinimumHeight()
  getMinimumWidth              public volatile getMinimumWidth()
  getOpacity                   public getOpacity()
  getPadding                   public volatile getPadding(android.graphics.Rect)
  getState                     public volatile getState()
  getTransparentRegion         public volatile getTransparentRegion()
  inflate                      public inflate(android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet)
  inflate                      public inflate(android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  invalidateSelf               public invalidateSelf()
  isAutoMirrored               public volatile isAutoMirrored()
  isStateful                   public isStateful()
  jumpToCurrentState           public volatile jumpToCurrentState()
  mutate                       public mutate()
  onBoundsChange               protected onBoundsChange(android.graphics.Rect)
  onStateChange                protected onStateChange(int[])
  scheduleSelf                 public scheduleSelf(java.lang.Runnable,long)
  setAlpha                     public setAlpha(int)
  setAutoMirrored              public volatile setAutoMirrored(boolean)
  setChangingConfigurations    public volatile setChangingConfigurations(int)
  setColorFilter               public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  setColorFilter               public volatile setColorFilter(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  setFilterBitmap              public volatile setFilterBitmap(boolean)
  setHotspot                   public volatile setHotspot(float,float)
  setHotspotBounds             public volatile setHotspotBounds(int,int,int,int)
  setState                     public volatile setState(int[])
  setTint                      public setTint(int)
  setTintList                  public setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  setTintMode                  public setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean,boolean)
  unscheduleSelf               public unscheduleSelf(java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VClipPath (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx$o)
===============================================================================
  c    public inflate(android.content.res.Resources,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser)
  n    private updateStateFromTypedArray(android.content.res.TypedArray)
  o    public isClipPath()

android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx$eval_n)
===============================================================================
  a        getStrokeColor()
  d        getTrimPathOffset()
  eval__   setTrimPathOffset(float)
  eval_h   getTrimPathEnd()
  eval_i   getFillColor()
  eval_p   getFillAlpha()
  f        getStrokeWidth()
  f        setStrokeColor(int)
  f        private getStrokeLineJoin(int,android.graphics.Paint$Join)
  i        setFillColor(int)
  i        private getStrokeLineCap(int,android.graphics.Paint$Cap)
  l        setFillAlpha(float)
  n        public applyTheme(android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  q        getTrimPathStart()
  r        public canApplyTheme()
  r        public inflate(android.content.res.Resources,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser)
  r        setTrimPathStart(float)
  w        private updateStateFromTypedArray(android.content.res.TypedArray,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser)
  w        setTrimPathEnd(float)
  x        setStrokeWidth(float)
  y        setStrokeAlpha(float)
  z        getStrokeAlpha()

android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx$i)
===============================================================================
  a        public setScaleY(float)
  c        public getScaleX()
  d        static access$200(android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup)
  e        private updateStateFromTypedArray(android.content.res.TypedArray,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser)
  eval_i   public setPivotY(float)
  f        public setScaleX(float)
  g        public getGroupName()
  g        public inflate(android.content.res.Resources,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser)
  h        public getLocalMatrix()
  i        static access$100(android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup)
  i        public setTranslateY(float)
  m        public getPivotY()
  m        public setRotation(float)
  n        public getTranslateY()
  n        static access$800(android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup)
  p        public getScaleY()
  s        static access$700(android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup)
  u        public setTranslateX(float)
  v        private updateLocalMatrix()
  v        public setPivotX(float)
  w        public getPivotX()
  x        public getRotation()
  z        public getTranslateX()

android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx$h)
===============================================================================
  b        public toPath(android.graphics.Path)
  eval_d   public NodesToString(android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$PathDataNode[])
  h        public getPathName()
  n        public applyTheme(android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  n        public printVPath(int)
  o        public isClipPath()
  p        public getPathData()
  r        public canApplyTheme()
  t        public setPathData(android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$PathDataNode[])

android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx$v)
===============================================================================
  c    public setAlpha(float)
  d    private getMatrixScale(android.graphics.Matrix)
  f    public getRootAlpha()
  i    private drawPath(android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup,android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath,android.graphics.Canvas,int,int,android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  k    public getAlpha()
  k    static access$400(android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer)
  n    private drawGroupTree(android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup,android.graphics.Matrix,android.graphics.Canvas,int,int,android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  o    private static cross(float,float,float,float)
  t    static access$502(android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer,android.graphics.Paint)
  w    static access$000(android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer)
  w    static access$402(android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer,android.graphics.Paint)
  w    public setRootAlpha(int)
  z    public draw(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int,android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  z    static access$500(android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer)

android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableCompatState (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx$j)
===============================================================================
  b                            public createCachedBitmapIfNeeded(int,int)
  l                            public getPaint(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  n                            public updateCacheStates()
  o                            public drawCachedBitmapWithRootAlpha(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.ColorFilter,android.graphics.Rect)
  t                            public canReuseCache()
  u                            public canReuseBitmap(int,int)
  w                            public hasTranslucentRoot()
  y                            public updateCachedBitmap(int,int)
  getChangingConfigurations    public getChangingConfigurations()
  newDrawable                  public newDrawable()
  newDrawable                  public newDrawable(android.content.res.Resources)

android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableDelegateState       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qx$eval_q)
===============================================================================
  canApplyTheme                public canApplyTheme()
  getChangingConfigurations    public getChangingConfigurations()
  newDrawable                  public newDrawable()
  newDrawable                  public newDrawable(android.content.res.Resources)
  newDrawable                  public newDrawable(android.content.res.Resources,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)

android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.BuildConfig   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.BuildConfig$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ge)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.percent.BuildConfig      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.percent.BuildConfig$NullPointerException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.percent.PercentFrameLayout       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gd)
===============================================================================
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  onLayout                     protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.percent.PercentFrameLayout$LayoutParams  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gd$z)
===============================================================================
  r                    public getPercentLayoutInfo()
  setBaseAttributes    protected setBaseAttributes(android.content.res.TypedArray,int,int)

android.support.percent.PercentFrameLayout$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.percent.PercentLayoutHelper      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t3)
===============================================================================
  a    public handleMeasuredStateTooSmall()
  d    private static shouldHandleMeasuredWidthTooSmall(android.view.View,android.support.percent.PercentLayoutHelper$PercentLayoutInfo)
  g    public static fetchWidthAndHeight(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams,android.content.res.TypedArray,int,int)
  o    public adjustChildren(int,int)
  q    public static getPercentLayoutInfo(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  t    private static shouldHandleMeasuredHeightTooSmall(android.view.View,android.support.percent.PercentLayoutHelper$PercentLayoutInfo)
  w    public restoreOriginalParams()

android.support.percent.PercentLayoutHelper$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cs)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.percent.PercentLayoutHelper$PercentLayoutInfo    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t3$q)
===============================================================================
  f        public fillMarginLayoutParams(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int,int)
  h        public fillMarginLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int,int)
  k        public fillLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams,int,int)
  n        public restoreLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  u        public restoreMarginLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  toString public toString()

android.support.percent.PercentLayoutHelper$PercentLayoutParams  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t3$i)
===============================================================================
  r    public abstract getPercentLayoutInfo()

android.support.percent.PercentLayoutHelper$PercentMarginLayoutParams    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t3$_)
===============================================================================
  g    static access$002(android.support.percent.PercentLayoutHelper$PercentMarginLayoutParams,boolean)
  j    static access$102(android.support.percent.PercentLayoutHelper$PercentMarginLayoutParams,boolean)
  w    static access$000(android.support.percent.PercentLayoutHelper$PercentMarginLayoutParams)
  x    static access$100(android.support.percent.PercentLayoutHelper$PercentMarginLayoutParams)

android.support.percent.PercentRelativeLayout    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m1)
===============================================================================
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  onLayout                     protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.percent.PercentRelativeLayout$LayoutParams       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m1$n)
===============================================================================
  r                    public getPercentLayoutInfo()
  setBaseAttributes    protected setBaseAttributes(android.content.res.TypedArray,int,int)

android.support.percent.PercentRelativeLayout$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.percent.R
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.percent.R$NullPointerException
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.percent.R$attr
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.percent.R$styleable
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v13.BuildConfig  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v13.BuildConfig$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p_)
===============================================================================
  m    public static setUserVisibleHint(android.app.Fragment,boolean)
  p    public static shouldShowRequestPermissionRationale(android.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  q    public static requestPermissions(android.app.Fragment,java.lang.String[],int)
  r    public static setMenuVisibility(android.app.Fragment,boolean)

android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$BaseFragmentCompatImpl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p_$g)
===============================================================================
  e    public setMenuVisibility(android.app.Fragment,boolean)
  f    public shouldShowRequestPermissionRationale(android.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  p    public requestPermissions(android.app.Fragment,java.lang.String[],int)
  x    public setUserVisibleHint(android.app.Fragment,boolean)

android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$BaseFragmentCompatImpl$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p_$g$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$BaseFragmentCompatImpl$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$FragmentCompatImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p_$u)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract setMenuVisibility(android.app.Fragment,boolean)
  f    public abstract shouldShowRequestPermissionRationale(android.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  p    public abstract requestPermissions(android.app.Fragment,java.lang.String[],int)
  x    public abstract setUserVisibleHint(android.app.Fragment,boolean)

android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$ICSFragmentCompatImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p_$c)
===============================================================================
  e    public setMenuVisibility(android.app.Fragment,boolean)

android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$ICSMR1FragmentCompatImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p_$s)
===============================================================================
  x    public setUserVisibleHint(android.app.Fragment,boolean)

android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$MncFragmentCompatImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p_$k)
===============================================================================
  f    public shouldShowRequestPermissionRationale(android.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  p    public requestPermissions(android.app.Fragment,java.lang.String[],int)

android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat$OnRequestPermissionsResultCallback        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p_$e)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract onRequestPermissionsResult(int,java.lang.String[],int[])

android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat23 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s_)
===============================================================================
  j    public static requestPermissions(android.app.Fragment,java.lang.String[],int)
  p    public static shouldShowRequestPermissionRationale(android.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)

android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompat23$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompatICS        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tb)
===============================================================================
  a    public static setMenuVisibility(android.app.Fragment,boolean)

android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompatICS$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ka)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompatICSMR1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zu)
===============================================================================
  e    public static setUserVisibleHint(android.app.Fragment,boolean)

android.support.v13.app.FragmentCompatICSMR1$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v13.app.FragmentPagerAdapter     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rb)
===============================================================================
  a    public restoreState(android.os.Parcelable,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  b    public startUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  c    public destroyItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  d    public saveState()
  f    public finishUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  h    private static makeFragmentName(int,long)
  i    public getItemId(int)
  n    public setPrimaryItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  q    public instantiateItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  y    public isViewFromObject(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  z    public abstract getItem(int)

android.support.v13.app.FragmentPagerAdapter$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ci)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v13.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bl)
===============================================================================
  a    public restoreState(android.os.Parcelable,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  b    public startUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  c    public destroyItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  d    public saveState()
  f    public finishUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  h    public abstract getItem(int)
  n    public setPrimaryItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  q    public instantiateItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  y    public isViewFromObject(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v13.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yz)
===============================================================================
  d                        private ensureContent()
  eval_q                   public addTab(android.widget.TabHost$TabSpec,java.lang.Class,android.os.Bundle)
  j                        public setup(android.content.Context,android.app.FragmentManager,int)
  n                        public setup(android.content.Context,android.app.FragmentManager)
  n                        private doTabChanged(java.lang.String,android.app.FragmentTransaction)
  s                        private initFragmentTabHost(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  w                        private ensureHierarchy(android.content.Context)
  onAttachedToWindow       protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow     protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onRestoreInstanceState   protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState      protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onTabChanged             public onTabChanged(java.lang.String)
  setOnTabChangedListener  public setOnTabChangedListener(android.widget.TabHost$OnTabChangeListener)
  setup                    public setup()

android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yz$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$DummyTabFactory  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yz$c)
===============================================================================
  createTabContent public createTabContent(java.lang.String)

android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yz$p)
===============================================================================
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yz$p$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_li)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yz$w)
===============================================================================
  b    static access$100(android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)
  n    static access$300(android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)
  p    static access$200(android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)
  r    static access$102(android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo,android.app.Fragment)
  t    static access$400(android.support.v13.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)

android.support.v4.BuildConfig   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.BuildConfig$NullPointerException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mg)
===============================================================================
  e    public static getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  g    public static getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  i    public static getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  j    public static getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  k    public static getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  m    public static capabilityToString(int)
  n    public static feedbackTypeToString(int)
  o    public static flagToString(int)
  y    public static getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoIcsImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mg$_)
===============================================================================
  d        public getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  eval_p   public getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  h        public getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  j        public getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  l        public getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  x        public getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoJellyBeanMr2      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mg$a)
===============================================================================
  h    public getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoStubImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mg$y)
===============================================================================
  d        public getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  eval_p   public getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  h        public getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  j        public getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  l        public getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  x        public getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoVersionImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mg$eval_p)
===============================================================================
  d        public abstract getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  eval_p   public abstract getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  h        public abstract getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  j        public abstract getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  l        public abstract getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  x        public abstract getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$NullPointerException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ou)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatIcs        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r0)
===============================================================================
  d        public static getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  e        public static getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  eval_n   public static getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  g        public static getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  k        public static getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatIcs$IOException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ro)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatJellyBeanMr2       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iw)
===============================================================================
  f    public static getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatJellyBeanMr2$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorCompatHelper        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o9)
===============================================================================
  l    public static clearInterpolator(android.view.View)
  z    public static emptyValueAnimator()

android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorCompatHelper$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorListenerCompat      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hb)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract onAnimationRepeat(android.support.v4.animation.ValueAnimatorCompat)
  m    public abstract onAnimationStart(android.support.v4.animation.ValueAnimatorCompat)
  t    public abstract onAnimationCancel(android.support.v4.animation.ValueAnimatorCompat)
  y    public abstract onAnimationEnd(android.support.v4.animation.ValueAnimatorCompat)

android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorListenerCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorProvider    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lq)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract emptyValueAnimator()
  i    public abstract clearInterpolator(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorProvider$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorUpdateListenerCompat        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_np)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract onAnimationUpdate(android.support.v4.animation.ValueAnimatorCompat)

android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorUpdateListenerCompat$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ih)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hv)
===============================================================================
  i    public emptyValueAnimator()
  i    public clearInterpolator(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider$DonutFloatValueAnimator (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hv$o)
===============================================================================
  d    private dispatchEnd()
  d    static access$100(android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider$DonutFloatValueAnimator)
  f    public addListener(android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorListenerCompat)
  f    static access$500(android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider$DonutFloatValueAnimator)
  g    private dispatchStart()
  g    static access$200(android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider$DonutFloatValueAnimator)
  i    public getAnimatedFraction()
  j    private getTime()
  j    public addUpdateListener(android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorUpdateListenerCompat)
  j    static access$302(android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider$DonutFloatValueAnimator,float)
  k    static access$600(android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider$DonutFloatValueAnimator)
  l    public start()
  l    static access$400(android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider$DonutFloatValueAnimator)
  m    private notifyUpdateListeners()
  o    private dispatchCancel()
  q    static access$300(android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider$DonutFloatValueAnimator)
  r    public cancel()
  r    public setTarget(android.view.View)
  u    public setDuration(long)
  w    static access$000(android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider$DonutFloatValueAnimator)

android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider$DonutFloatValueAnimator$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hv$o$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.animation.DonutAnimatorCompatProvider$DonutFloatValueAnimator$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.animation.HoneycombMr1AnimatorCompatProvider  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uy)
===============================================================================
  i    public emptyValueAnimator()
  i    public clearInterpolator(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.animation.HoneycombMr1AnimatorCompatProvider$AnimatorListenerCompatWrapper    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uy$p)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationCancel    public onAnimationCancel(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.animation.Animator)

android.support.v4.animation.HoneycombMr1AnimatorCompatProvider$HoneycombValueAnimatorCompat     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uy$e)
===============================================================================
  f    public addListener(android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorListenerCompat)
  i    public getAnimatedFraction()
  j    public addUpdateListener(android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorUpdateListenerCompat)
  l    public start()
  r    public cancel()
  r    public setTarget(android.view.View)
  u    public setDuration(long)

android.support.v4.animation.HoneycombMr1AnimatorCompatProvider$HoneycombValueAnimatorCompat$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uy$e$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationUpdate    public onAnimationUpdate(android.animation.ValueAnimator)

android.support.v4.animation.HoneycombMr1AnimatorCompatProvider$HoneycombValueAnimatorCompat$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.animation.HoneycombMr1AnimatorCompatProvider$IOException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.animation.ValueAnimatorCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__p)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract addListener(android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorListenerCompat)
  i    public abstract getAnimatedFraction()
  j    public abstract addUpdateListener(android.support.v4.animation.AnimatorUpdateListenerCompat)
  l    public abstract start()
  r    public abstract cancel()
  r    public abstract setTarget(android.view.View)
  u    public abstract setDuration(long)

android.support.v4.animation.ValueAnimatorCompat$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ct)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm)
===============================================================================
  c        public onDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public onDrawerStateChanged(int)
  f        setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  f        static access$400(android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle)
  g        public syncState()
  g        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  j        public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  l        public onDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  o        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  o        public setDrawerIndicatorEnabled(boolean)
  p        public isDrawerIndicatorEnabled()
  p        private static assumeMaterial(android.content.Context)
  p        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  q        setActionBarDescription(int)
  v        getThemeUpIndicator()
  v        public onDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm$b)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  l    public abstract setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  w    public abstract setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplBase       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm$x)
===============================================================================
  e    public getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  l    public setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  w    public setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplHC (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm$h)
===============================================================================
  e    public getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  l    public setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  w    public setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplJellybeanMR2       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm$p)
===============================================================================
  e    public getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  l    public setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  w    public setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Delegate    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm$r)
===============================================================================
  v    public abstract setActionBarDescription(int)
  x    public abstract setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  z    public abstract getThemeUpIndicator()

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DelegateProvider    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm$f)
===============================================================================
  x    public abstract getDrawerToggleDelegate()

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$SlideDrawable       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tm$j)
===============================================================================
  e    public setPosition(float)
  s    public getPosition()
  z    public setOffset(float)
  draw public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a_)
===============================================================================
  m    public static getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  m    public static setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  x    public static setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a_$r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleJellybeanMR2 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yu)
===============================================================================
  p    public static setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)
  t    public static getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  t    public static setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleJellybeanMR2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xe)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_aa)
===============================================================================
  d    public static postponeEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  e    public static startPostponedEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  f    public static finishAffinity(android.app.Activity)
  i    public static startActivity(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  i    public static startActivityForResult(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent,int,android.os.Bundle)
  j    private static createCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  p    public static setEnterSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  q    public static invalidateOptionsMenu(android.app.Activity)
  r    public static requestPermissions(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String[],int)
  s    public getReferrer(android.app.Activity)
  w    public static setExitSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  y    public static finishAfterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  y    public static shouldShowRequestPermissionRationale(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_aa$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$OnRequestPermissionsResultCallback (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_aa$p)
===============================================================================
  onRequestPermissionsResult   public abstract onRequestPermissionsResult(int,java.lang.String[],int[])

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ye)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$SharedElementCallback21Impl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_aa$m)
===============================================================================
  a    public onCreateSnapshotView(android.content.Context,android.os.Parcelable)
  a    public onMapSharedElements(java.util.List,java.util.Map)
  q    public onSharedElementEnd(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  t    public onRejectSharedElements(java.util.List)
  y    public onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot(android.view.View,android.graphics.Matrix,android.graphics.RectF)
  y    public onSharedElementStart(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m0)
===============================================================================
  c    public static setExitSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21)
  d    public static finishAfterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  k    private static createCallback(android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21)
  l    public static setEnterSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21)
  p    public static startPostponedEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  r    public static postponeEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  y    public static setMediaController(android.app.Activity,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m0$t)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onCreateSnapshotView(android.content.Context,android.os.Parcelable)
  a    public abstract onMapSharedElements(java.util.List,java.util.Map)
  q    public abstract onSharedElementEnd(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  t    public abstract onRejectSharedElements(java.util.List)
  y    public abstract onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot(android.view.View,android.graphics.Matrix,android.graphics.RectF)
  y    public abstract onSharedElementStart(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallbackImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m0$f)
===============================================================================
  onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot   public onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot(android.view.View,android.graphics.Matrix,android.graphics.RectF)
  onCreateSnapshotView             public onCreateSnapshotView(android.content.Context,android.os.Parcelable)
  onMapSharedElements              public onMapSharedElements(java.util.List,java.util.Map)
  onRejectSharedElements           public onRejectSharedElements(java.util.List)
  onSharedElementEnd               public onSharedElementEnd(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  onSharedElementStart             public onSharedElementStart(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat22  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zc)
===============================================================================
  r    public static getReferrer(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat22$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatApi23       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p6)
===============================================================================
  j    public static requestPermissions(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String[],int)
  v    public static shouldShowRequestPermissionRationale(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatApi23$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatApi23$RequestPermissionsRequestCodeValidator        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p6$l)
===============================================================================
  z    public abstract validateRequestPermissionsRequestCode(int)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatHoneycomb   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qt)
===============================================================================
  l    static invalidateOptionsMenu(android.app.Activity)
  l    static dump(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatJB  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__4)
===============================================================================
  g    public static startActivityForResult(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent,int,android.os.Bundle)
  q    public static startActivity(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  u    public static finishAffinity(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatJB$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ll)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompat     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cp)
===============================================================================
  v    public static isLowRamDevice(android.app.ActivityManager)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompat$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ev)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompatKitKat       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_te)
===============================================================================
  v    public static isLowRamDevice(android.app.ActivityManager)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompatKitKat$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xp)
===============================================================================
  c        public static makeCustomAnimation(android.content.Context,int,int)
  eval_o   public toBundle()
  h        public static transient makeSceneTransitionAnimation(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.util.Pair[])
  m        public static makeSceneTransitionAnimation(android.app.Activity,android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  o        public static makeScaleUpAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  u        public static makeThumbnailScaleUpAnimation(android.view.View,android.graphics.Bitmap,int,int)
  x        public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$ActivityOptionsImpl21       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xp$o)
===============================================================================
  eval_o   public toBundle()
  x        public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$ActivityOptionsImplJB       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xp$k)
===============================================================================
  eval_o   public toBundle()
  x        public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_be)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t6)
===============================================================================
  c    public static makeSceneTransitionAnimation(android.app.Activity,android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  g    public toBundle()
  h    public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21)
  m    public static makeSceneTransitionAnimation(android.app.Activity,android.view.View[],java.lang.String[])

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lr)
===============================================================================
  d    public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB)
  f    public static makeCustomAnimation(android.content.Context,int,int)
  g    public toBundle()
  o    public static makeScaleUpAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  u    public static makeThumbnailScaleUpAnimation(android.view.View,android.graphics.Bitmap,int,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.AppLaunchChecker  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_go)
===============================================================================
  k    public static onActivityCreate(android.app.Activity)
  w    public static hasStartedFromLauncher(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.app.AppLaunchChecker$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.AppOpsManagerCompat       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o_)
===============================================================================
  e    public static noteOp(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  f    public static permissionToOp(java.lang.String)
  h    public static noteProxyOp(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o_$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$AppOpsManager23       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o_$c)
===============================================================================
  e    public noteProxyOp(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  r    public permissionToOp(java.lang.String)
  u    public noteOp(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$AppOpsManagerImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o_$h)
===============================================================================
  e    public noteProxyOp(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  r    public permissionToOp(java.lang.String)
  u    public noteOp(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.AppOpsManagerCompat23     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rd)
===============================================================================
  t    public static noteOp(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  v    public static permissionToOp(java.lang.String)
  z    public static noteProxyOp(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.AppOpsManagerCompat23$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pe)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o4)
===============================================================================
  a        public disallowAddToBackStack()
  a        public hide(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  a        private static getSharedElementTransition(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  a        private static getExitTransition(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  b        public popFromBackStack(boolean,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray)
  e        public getBreadCrumbShortTitle()
  eval__   public detach(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_b   public getTransition()
  eval_d   public getTransitionStyle()
  eval_g   public setBreadCrumbTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_m   private static setFirstOut(android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_w   public commitAllowingStateLoss()
  f        public remove(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  f        public setBreadCrumbTitle(int)
  g        private setBackNameOverrides(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,boolean)
  g        private static setNameOverride(android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  g        private beginTransition(android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray,boolean)
  g        public setBreadCrumbShortTitle(int)
  h        public getId()
  h        private static setNameOverrides(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.ArrayList)
  i        public getBreadCrumbShortTitleRes()
  i        private remapSharedElements(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  i        private setNameOverrides(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,boolean)
  i        static access$300(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,int,java.lang.Object)
  i        static access$100(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState)
  i        public show(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  i        private configureTransitions(int,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,boolean,android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray)
  j        public addSharedElement(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  j        bumpBackStackNesting(int)
  l        public isAddToBackStackAllowed()
  l        private callSharedElementEnd(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap)
  m        public commit()
  m        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.PrintWriter,boolean)
  n        private mapEnteringSharedElements(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  n        public attach(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  n        commitInternal(boolean)
  o        public add(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  p        public getBreadCrumbTitle()
  p        public add(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  p        public calculateBackFragments(android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray)
  p        public add(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  p        public setCustomAnimations(int,int)
  q        public isEmpty()
  q        addOp(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$Op)
  q        private excludeHiddenFragments(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,int,java.lang.Object)
  q        public setTransitionStyle(int)
  r        private static captureExitingViews(java.lang.Object,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.util.ArrayList,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,android.view.View)
  s        private mapSharedElementsIn(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,boolean,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  s        private setEpicenterIn(android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState)
  s        public replace(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  s        public replace(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  s        public setCustomAnimations(int,int,int,int)
  u        public getBreadCrumbTitleRes()
  u        private excludeHiddenFragmentsAfterEnter(android.view.View,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,int,java.lang.Object)
  u        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  u        private static remapNames(java.util.ArrayList,java.util.ArrayList,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap)
  v        private prepareSharedElementTransition(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.view.View,java.lang.Object,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean,java.util.ArrayList)
  v        private calculateFragments(android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray)
  w        static access$200(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap)
  w        public setTransition(int)
  x        public getName()
  y        static access$000(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,boolean,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  y        private static getEnterTransition(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  y        public setBreadCrumbShortTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y        public addToBackStack(java.lang.String)
  z        private setLastIn(android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  z        private doAddOp(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String,int)
  run      public run()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o4$1)
===============================================================================
  t    public getView()

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$2 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o4$2)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$3 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o4$3)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$Op        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o4$y)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o4$h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BackStackState    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fz)
===============================================================================
  i                public instantiate(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.BackStackState$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fz$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.BackStackState$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_er)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityDonut (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__7)
===============================================================================
  j            onBackPressedNotHandled()
  v            abstract dispatchFragmentsOnCreateView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  onCreate     protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateView public onCreateView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)

android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityDonut$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityEclair        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oy)
===============================================================================
  j    onBackPressedNotHandled()

android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityEclair$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__z)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityHoneycomb     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f3)
===============================================================================
  onCreateView public onCreateView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)

android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityHoneycomb$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BundleCompat      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iq)
===============================================================================
  f    public static putBinder(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.os.IBinder)
  p    public static getBinder(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.BundleCompat$NullPointerException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BundleCompatDonut (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e_)
===============================================================================
  h    public static getBinder(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  n    public static putBinder(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.os.IBinder)

android.support.v4.app.BundleCompatDonut$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ac)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BundleCompatJellybeanMR2  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s5)
===============================================================================
  f    public static getBinder(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  o    public static putBinder(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.os.IBinder)

android.support.v4.app.BundleCompatJellybeanMR2$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BundleUtil        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vg)
===============================================================================
  f    public static getBundleArrayFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.BundleUtil$IOException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment
===============================================================================
  b            public setupDialog(android.app.Dialog,int)
  c            dismissInternal(boolean)
  eval_u       public setCancelable(boolean)
  g            public onActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  i            public onDestroyView()
  j            public onDetach()
  l            public getShowsDialog()
  m            public isCancelable()
  m            public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  n            public dismissAllowingStateLoss()
  n            public getLayoutInflater(android.os.Bundle)
  n            public setStyle(int,int)
  o            public onStart()
  o            public show(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager,java.lang.String)
  o            public show(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction,java.lang.String)
  s            public setShowsDialog(boolean)
  t            public onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  u            public onStop()
  w            public onAttach(android.app.Activity)
  x            public dismiss()
  y            public getTheme()
  y            public onCreateDialog(android.os.Bundle)
  z            public getDialog()
  onCancel     public onCancel(android.content.DialogInterface)
  onDismiss    public onDismiss(android.content.DialogInterface)

android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.Fragment  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s2)
===============================================================================
  a                        public final getId()
  a                        public startActivity(android.content.Intent)
  a                        public onViewStateRestored(android.os.Bundle)
  a                        public setReenterTransition(java.lang.Object)
  b                        public onDestroyOptionsMenu()
  c                        public final isResumed()
  c                        performSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  c                        public setSharedElementReturnTransition(java.lang.Object)
  d                        public final getTargetRequestCode()
  d                        public startActivityForResult(android.content.Intent,int)
  d                        performPrepareOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  d                        performCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu,android.view.MenuInflater)
  eval__                   public final isDetached()
  eval_a                   public getAllowEnterTransitionOverlap()
  eval_ak                  performPause()
  eval_b                   public final getRetainInstance()
  eval_b2                  performDestroyView()
  eval_c                   public final getTargetFragment()
  eval_d                   public getEnterTransition()
  eval_dd                  performStart()
  eval_e                   public final isMenuVisible()
  eval_f                   public final getActivity()
  eval_f                   final restoreViewState(android.os.Bundle)
  eval_g                   public onResume()
  eval_h                   public getReturnTransition()
  eval_i                   public getAllowReturnTransitionOverlap()
  eval_i                   performCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_j                   public getSharedElementReturnTransition()
  eval_j                   public unregisterForContextMenu(android.view.View)
  eval_jy                  performReallyStop()
  eval_k                   public onDestroy()
  eval_l                   public onPause()
  eval_m                   public final getParentFragment()
  eval_n                   public getSharedElementEnterTransition()
  eval_o                   public final isVisible()
  eval_p                   public final getResources()
  eval_q                   public final isHidden()
  eval_r                   public final getHost()
  eval_s                   public final getFragmentManager()
  eval_t                   public getLoaderManager()
  eval_tk                  performStop()
  eval_u                   public getView()
  eval_v                   public getExitTransition()
  eval_vo                  performLowMemory()
  eval_w                   public getUserVisibleHint()
  eval_x                   initState()
  eval_y                   instantiateChildFragmentManager()
  eval_y0                  performDestroy()
  eval_z                   public final getChildFragmentManager()
  eval_zj                  performResume()
  f                        public final hasOptionsMenu()
  f                        public static instantiate(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  f                        performActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  g                        public final isInLayout()
  g                        public onActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  g                        public setTargetFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int)
  h                        public final getTag()
  h                        public startActivityForResult(android.content.Intent,int,android.os.Bundle)
  h                        public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu,android.view.MenuInflater)
  h                        final setIndex(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  h                        findFragmentByWho(java.lang.String)
  i                        public onDestroyView()
  i                        public startActivity(android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  i                        public setArguments(android.os.Bundle)
  i                        public setEnterSharedElementCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  i                        public onPrepareOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  i                        public setUserVisibleHint(boolean)
  i                        public setEnterTransition(java.lang.Object)
  j                        public onDetach()
  j                        public onInflate(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,android.os.Bundle)
  j                        public onOptionsMenuClosed(android.view.Menu)
  j                        public onCreateAnimation(int,boolean,int)
  j                        public onRequestPermissionsResult(int,java.lang.String[],int[])
  j                        public setReturnTransition(java.lang.Object)
  j                        public shouldShowRequestPermissionRationale(java.lang.String)
  k                        final isInBackStack()
  k                        public onViewCreated(android.view.View,android.os.Bundle)
  l                        performOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  m                        public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  m                        public onHiddenChanged(boolean)
  n                        public getLayoutInflater(android.os.Bundle)
  n                        public setInitialSavedState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState)
  n                        performContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  n                        public setRetainInstance(boolean)
  n                        public setExitTransition(java.lang.Object)
  o                        public onStart()
  o                        public setAllowEnterTransitionOverlap(boolean)
  p                        public static instantiate(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  p                        performCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  q                        public final isAdded()
  q                        public onAttach(android.content.Context)
  q                        public onContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  q                        public final transient getString(int,java.lang.Object[])
  q                        public final requestPermissions(java.lang.String[],int)
  r                        public getContext()
  r                        public setMenuVisibility(boolean)
  r                        public onActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
  s                        performConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  s                        performOptionsMenuClosed(android.view.Menu)
  t                        public final isRemoving()
  t                        public onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  t                        public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  t                        public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  t                        public registerForContextMenu(android.view.View)
  u                        public onStop()
  u                        static isSupportFragmentClass(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  u                        public final getText(int)
  v                        public getReenterTransition()
  v                        public setHasOptionsMenu(boolean)
  w                        public final getArguments()
  w                        public onAttach(android.app.Activity)
  w                        public setExitSharedElementCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  w                        public setAllowReturnTransitionOverlap(boolean)
  x                        public onInflate(android.app.Activity,android.util.AttributeSet,android.os.Bundle)
  z                        public final getString(int)
  z                        public setSharedElementEnterTransition(java.lang.Object)
  z                        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  equals                   public final equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode                 public final hashCode()
  onConfigurationChanged   public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onCreateContextMenu      public onCreateContextMenu(android.view.ContextMenu,android.view.View,android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  onLowMemory              public onLowMemory()
  toString                 public toString()

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s2$1)
===============================================================================
  e    public onHasView()
  e    public onFindViewById(int)

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$InstantiationException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s2$s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s2$w)
===============================================================================
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s2$w$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zt)
===============================================================================
  a                                public supportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
  c                                public supportPostponeEnterTransition()
  d                                protected onResumeFragments()
  e                                public final setSupportMediaController(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat)
  eval_q                           public startActivityFromFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.content.Intent,int)
  f                                static access$000(android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String[],int)
  g                                public setExitSharedElementCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  g                                private static viewToString(android.view.View)
  i                                public supportFinishAfterTransition()
  i                                protected onPrepareOptionsPanel(android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  i                                doReallyStop(boolean)
  l                                public getSupportLoaderManager()
  o                                public getLastCustomNonConfigurationInstance()
  q                                private dumpViewHierarchy(java.lang.String,java.io.PrintWriter,android.view.View)
  r                                public final getSupportMediaController()
  r                                public setEnterSharedElementCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  t                                private requestPermissionsFromFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String[],int)
  u                                public startActivityFromFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.content.Intent,int,android.os.Bundle)
  v                                public supportStartPostponedEnterTransition()
  v                                public onAttachFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  v                                final dispatchFragmentsOnCreateView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  w                                public getSupportFragmentManager()
  x                                public onRetainCustomNonConfigurationInstance()
  y                                onReallyStop()
  y                                private allocateRequestIndex(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  z                                public final validateRequestPermissionsRequestCode(int)
  dump                             public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  onActivityResult                 protected onActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
  onBackPressed                    public onBackPressed()
  onConfigurationChanged           public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onCreate                         protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreatePanelMenu                public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  onCreateView                     public volatile onCreateView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  onCreateView                     public volatile onCreateView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  onDestroy                        protected onDestroy()
  onKeyDown                        public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onLowMemory                      public onLowMemory()
  onMenuItemSelected               public onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  onNewIntent                      protected onNewIntent(android.content.Intent)
  onPanelClosed                    public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  onPause                          protected onPause()
  onPostResume                     protected onPostResume()
  onPreparePanel                   public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  onRequestPermissionsResult       public onRequestPermissionsResult(int,java.lang.String[],int[])
  onResume                         protected onResume()
  onRetainNonConfigurationInstance public final onRetainNonConfigurationInstance()
  onSaveInstanceState              protected onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  onStart                          protected onStart()
  onStateNotSaved                  public onStateNotSaved()
  onStop                           protected onStop()
  startActivityForResult           public startActivityForResult(android.content.Intent,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zt$1)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$HostCallbacks    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zt$e)
===============================================================================
  c        public onStartActivityFromFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.content.Intent,int)
  c        public onStartActivityFromFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.content.Intent,int,android.os.Bundle)
  d        public onSupportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
  e        public onHasView()
  e        public onFindViewById(int)
  eval_d   public onRequestPermissionsFromFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String[],int)
  eval_m   public onShouldSaveFragmentState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_w   public onGetWindowAnimations()
  f        public onGetHost()
  k        public onAttachFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  p        public onHasWindowAnimations()
  q        public onShouldShowRequestPermissionRationale(java.lang.String)
  r        public onDump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  s        public onGetLayoutInflater()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$NonConfigurationInstances        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zt$c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vm)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract onHasView()
  e    public abstract onFindViewById(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_md)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentController        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x1)
===============================================================================
  a        public dispatchOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  a        public doLoaderStop(boolean)
  b        public reportLoaderStart()
  b        public onCreateView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  c        public doLoaderDestroy()
  d        public dispatchPause()
  d        public dispatchOptionsMenuClosed(android.view.Menu)
  d        public dispatchCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu,android.view.MenuInflater)
  e        findFragmentByWho(java.lang.String)
  eval_a   public dispatchCreate()
  eval_m   public saveAllState()
  eval_n   public dispatchConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  eval_s   public dispatchLowMemory()
  eval_u   public retainLoaderNonConfig()
  eval_x   public dispatchDestroyView()
  f        public doLoaderRetain()
  f        public restoreLoaderNonConfig(android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap)
  g        public noteStateNotSaved()
  h        public dispatchActivityCreated()
  i        public getSupportLoaderManager()
  i        public dispatchPrepareOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  k        public getActiveFragmentsCount()
  k        public static final createController(android.support.v4.app.FragmentHostCallback)
  l        public dispatchReallyStop()
  l        public restoreAllState(android.os.Parcelable,java.util.List)
  n        public execPendingActions()
  n        public getActiveFragments(java.util.List)
  o        public retainNonConfig()
  r        public dispatchContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  s        public getSupportFragmentManager()
  t        public dispatchStart()
  t        public attachHost(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  t        public dumpLoaders(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  u        public dispatchResume()
  w        public dispatchDestroy()
  x        public doLoaderStart()
  y        public dispatchStop()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentController$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentHostCallback      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v3)
===============================================================================
  a        dumpLoaders(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  c        public onStartActivityFromFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.content.Intent,int)
  c        public onStartActivityFromFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.content.Intent,int,android.os.Bundle)
  d        public onSupportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
  e        public onHasView()
  e        public onFindViewById(int)
  eval_d   public onRequestPermissionsFromFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String[],int)
  eval_m   public onShouldSaveFragmentState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_o   getHandler()
  eval_s   getLoaderManagerImpl()
  eval_t   retainLoaderNonConfig()
  eval_v   doLoaderDestroy()
  eval_w   public onGetWindowAnimations()
  f        public abstract onGetHost()
  g        doLoaderStart()
  h        getRetainLoaders()
  j        doLoaderStop(boolean)
  k        doLoaderRetain()
  k        onAttachFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  l        getFragmentManagerImpl()
  o        reportLoaderStart()
  p        public onHasWindowAnimations()
  q        public onShouldShowRequestPermissionRationale(java.lang.String)
  r        public onDump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  s        public onGetLayoutInflater()
  t        getLoaderManager(java.lang.String,boolean,boolean)
  u        getContext()
  x        getActivity()
  y        inactivateFragment(java.lang.String)
  z        restoreLoaderNonConfig(android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentHostCallback$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o7)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract findFragmentById(int)
  b        public abstract getFragments()
  b        public abstract getBackStackEntryAt(int)
  e        public abstract putFragment(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  e        public abstract popBackStackImmediate(int,int)
  eval_j   public abstract popBackStack()
  f        public abstract popBackStack(int,int)
  h        public openTransaction()
  h        public abstract getFragment(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  h        public abstract popBackStackImmediate(java.lang.String,int)
  j        public abstract getBackStackEntryCount()
  k        public abstract beginTransaction()
  m        public abstract executePendingTransactions()
  o        public abstract saveFragmentInstanceState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  o        public abstract dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  q        public abstract addOnBackStackChangedListener(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener)
  s        public static enableDebugLogging(boolean)
  s        public abstract popBackStack(java.lang.String,int)
  t        public abstract findFragmentByTag(java.lang.String)
  w        public abstract isDestroyed()
  y        public abstract popBackStackImmediate()
  z        public abstract removeOnBackStackChangedListener(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$BackStackEntry    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o7$v)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract getBreadCrumbShortTitle()
  h    public abstract getId()
  i    public abstract getBreadCrumbShortTitleRes()
  p    public abstract getBreadCrumbTitle()
  u    public abstract getBreadCrumbTitleRes()
  x    public abstract getName()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o7$z)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract onBackStackChanged()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft)
===============================================================================
  a        public dispatchDestroyView()
  a        public removeFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  a        public findFragmentById(int)
  b        public getFragments()
  b        public getBackStackEntryAt(int)
  c        public dispatchCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu,android.view.MenuInflater)
  d        static shouldRunOnHWLayer(android.view.View,android.view.animation.Animation)
  e        public dispatchConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  e        public putFragment(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  e        makeInactive(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  e        public attachFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  e        public dispatchPrepareOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  e        public popBackStackImmediate(int,int)
  eval_f   restoreAllState(android.os.Parcelable,java.util.List)
  eval_j   public popBackStack()
  eval_k   retainNonConfig()
  eval_k   public static transitToStyleIndex(int,boolean)
  eval_l   private checkStateLoss()
  eval_m   public dispatchActivityCreated()
  eval_p   public dispatchLowMemory()
  eval_r   saveFragmentBasicState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_v   public execPendingActions()
  eval_w   public dispatchStart()
  eval_w   moveToState(int,int,int,boolean)
  eval_x   getLayoutInflaterFactory()
  eval_y   moveToState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  f        public popBackStack(int,int)
  g        public noteStateNotSaved()
  g        makeActive(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  g        private setHWLayerAnimListenerIfAlpha(android.view.View,android.view.animation.Animation)
  h        public getFragment(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  h        public popBackStackImmediate(java.lang.String,int)
  i        public performPendingDeferredStart(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  i        public showFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  i        public static reverseTransit(int)
  j        public getBackStackEntryCount()
  k        public beginTransaction()
  k        public freeBackStackIndex(int)
  l        saveAllState()
  l        static makeOpenCloseAnimation(android.content.Context,float,float,float,float)
  l        addBackStackState(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord)
  l        public dispatchContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  m        public executePendingTransactions()
  n        saveFragmentViewState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  o        reportBackStackChanged()
  o        public saveFragmentInstanceState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  o        moveToState(int,boolean)
  o        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  p        static makeFadeAnimation(android.content.Context,float,float)
  p        public hideFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  p        public dispatchOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  p        public onCreateView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  q        public dispatchStop()
  q        popBackStackState(android.os.Handler,java.lang.String,int,int)
  q        loadAnimation(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,boolean,int)
  q        public addOnBackStackChangedListener(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener)
  q        public dispatchOptionsMenuClosed(android.view.Menu)
  r        public dispatchCreate()
  r        public attachController(android.support.v4.app.FragmentHostCallback,android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  r        public findFragmentByWho(java.lang.String)
  s        moveToState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int,int,boolean)
  s        private throwException(java.lang.RuntimeException)
  s        public popBackStack(java.lang.String,int)
  t        public dispatchDestroy()
  t        public addFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  t        public findFragmentByTag(java.lang.String)
  u        startPendingDeferredFragments()
  u        static modifiesAlpha(android.view.animation.Animation)
  v        public dispatchReallyStop()
  v        public allocBackStackIndex(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord)
  w        public isDestroyed()
  x        public dispatchPause()
  x        public enqueueAction(java.lang.Runnable,boolean)
  y        public popBackStackImmediate()
  z        public dispatchResume()
  z        public detachFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  z        public removeOnBackStackChangedListener(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener)
  z        public setBackStackIndex(int,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$2     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$3     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$4     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$4)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$5     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$5)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd   public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$AnimateOnHWLayerIfNeededListener      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$s)
===============================================================================
  d                    static access$000(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$AnimateOnHWLayerIfNeededListener)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$AnimateOnHWLayerIfNeededListener$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$s$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$AnimateOnHWLayerIfNeededListener$2    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$s$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$AnimateOnHWLayerIfNeededListener$NullPointerException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$FragmentTag   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft$c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ce)
===============================================================================
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ce$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yp)
===============================================================================
  a    public restoreState(android.os.Parcelable,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  b    public startUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  c    public destroyItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  d    public saveState()
  f    public finishUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  l    public getItemId(int)
  n    public setPrimaryItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  q    public instantiateItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  u    public abstract getItem(int)
  v    private static makeFragmentName(int,long)
  y    public isViewFromObject(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentState     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q2)
===============================================================================
  p                public instantiate(android.support.v4.app.FragmentHostCallback,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentState$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q2$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_df)
===============================================================================
  a    public restoreState(android.os.Parcelable,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  b    public startUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  c    public destroyItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  d    public saveState()
  f    public finishUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  n    public setPrimaryItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  o    public abstract getItem(int)
  q    public instantiateItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  y    public isViewFromObject(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fd)
===============================================================================
  a                        private ensureHierarchy(android.content.Context)
  a                        public addTab(android.widget.TabHost$TabSpec,java.lang.Class,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_v                   private initFragmentTabHost(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  l                        private doTabChanged(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction)
  m                        private ensureContent()
  q                        public setup(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager)
  y                        public setup(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager,int)
  onAttachedToWindow       protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow     protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onRestoreInstanceState   protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState      protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onTabChanged             public onTabChanged(java.lang.String)
  setOnTabChangedListener  public setOnTabChangedListener(android.widget.TabHost$OnTabChangeListener)
  setup                    public setup()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fd$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$DummyTabFactory   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fd$f)
===============================================================================
  createTabContent public createTabContent(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_un)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fd$d)
===============================================================================
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fd$d$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_af)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fd$t)
===============================================================================
  eval__   static access$200(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)
  eval_d   static access$102(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  i        static access$400(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)
  n        static access$100(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)
  y        static access$300(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gs)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract disallowAddToBackStack()
  a        public abstract hide(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval__   public abstract detach(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_g   public abstract setBreadCrumbTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_w   public abstract commitAllowingStateLoss()
  f        public abstract remove(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  f        public abstract setBreadCrumbTitle(int)
  g        public abstract setBreadCrumbShortTitle(int)
  i        public abstract show(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  j        public abstract addSharedElement(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  l        public abstract isAddToBackStackAllowed()
  m        public abstract commit()
  n        public abstract attach(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  o        public abstract add(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  p        public abstract add(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  p        public abstract add(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  p        public abstract setCustomAnimations(int,int)
  q        public abstract isEmpty()
  q        public abstract setTransitionStyle(int)
  s        public abstract replace(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  s        public abstract replace(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  s        public abstract setCustomAnimations(int,int,int,int)
  w        public abstract setTransition(int)
  y        public abstract setBreadCrumbShortTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y        public abstract addToBackStack(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uu)
===============================================================================
  b        public static beginDelayedTransition(android.view.ViewGroup,java.lang.Object)
  b        private static containedBeforeIndex(java.util.List,android.view.View,int)
  c        private static bfsAddViewChildren(java.util.List,android.view.View)
  e        public static excludeTarget(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,boolean)
  eval_q   public static removeTargets(java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList)
  g        public static cleanupTransitions(android.view.View,android.view.View,java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList,java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList,java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList,java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.Map)
  h        private static hasSimpleTarget(android.transition.Transition)
  h        public static captureExitingViews(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.Map,android.view.View)
  j        private static getBoundsOnScreen(android.view.View)
  j        public static addTargets(java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList)
  k        public static cloneTransition(java.lang.Object)
  l        private static setSharedElementEpicenter(android.transition.Transition,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$EpicenterView)
  l        public static mergeTransitions(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,boolean)
  n        public static wrapSharedElementTransition(java.lang.Object)
  n        public static addTransitionTargets(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$ViewRetriever,android.view.View,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$EpicenterView,java.util.Map,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.Map,java.util.Map,java.util.ArrayList)
  p        public static getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  q        public static setEpicenter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  s        static access$000(java.util.ArrayList,android.view.View)
  t        static access$100(android.view.View)
  x        private static captureTransitioningViews(java.util.ArrayList,android.view.View)
  x        private static isNullOrEmpty(java.util.List)
  z        public static setSharedElementTargets(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,java.util.Map,java.util.ArrayList)
  z        public static findNamedViews(java.util.Map,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uu$1)
===============================================================================
  onGetEpicenter   public onGetEpicenter(android.transition.Transition)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$2      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uu$2)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$3      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uu$3)
===============================================================================
  onGetEpicenter   public onGetEpicenter(android.transition.Transition)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$4      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uu$4)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$EpicenterView  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uu$t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$ViewRetriever  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uu$f)
===============================================================================
  t    public abstract getView()

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d6)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract cancelAll(java.lang.String)
  o    public abstract cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  y    public abstract notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d6$f)
===============================================================================
  k            public abstract cancelAll(java.lang.String)
  o            public abstract cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  w            public static asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
  y            public abstract notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  asBinder     public asBinder()
  onTransact   public onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub$Proxy       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d6$f$w)
===============================================================================
  k        public cancelAll(java.lang.String)
  o        public cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  p        public getInterfaceDescriptor()
  y        public notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  asBinder public asBinder()

android.support.v4.app.ListFragment
===============================================================================
  e        private ensureList()
  eval_ii  public getSelectedItemId()
  eval_yf  public getSelectedItemPosition()
  eval_z3  public getListAdapter()
  f        public setListAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  g        private setListShown(boolean,boolean)
  h        public setListShown(boolean)
  i        public onDestroyView()
  j        public setListShownNoAnimation(boolean)
  k        public onViewCreated(android.view.View,android.os.Bundle)
  n        public setSelection(int)
  s        public getListView()
  t        public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  x        public setEmptyText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y        public onListItemClick(android.widget.ListView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v4.app.ListFragment$1
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.ListFragment$2
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v4.app.ListFragment$NullPointerException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ze)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n8)
===============================================================================
  d    public static enableDebugLogging(boolean)
  f    public abstract dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  q    public abstract getLoader(int)
  t    public abstract initLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  v    public abstract restartLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  y    public hasRunningLoaders()
  z    public abstract destroyLoader(int)

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n8$h)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onLoaderReset(android.support.v4.content.Loader)
  e    public abstract onLoadFinished(android.support.v4.content.Loader,java.lang.Object)
  z    public abstract onCreateLoader(int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pp)
===============================================================================
  a        installLoader(android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderInfo)
  c        static access$000(android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl)
  e        doRetain()
  e        private createLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  f        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  h        doReportNextStart()
  h        updateHostController(android.support.v4.app.FragmentHostCallback)
  j        finishRetain()
  n        doDestroy()
  q        doStart()
  q        public getLoader(int)
  s        doReportStart()
  t        public initLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  v        public restartLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  x        doStop()
  x        private createAndInstallLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  y        public hasRunningLoaders()
  z        public destroyLoader(int)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderInfo      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pp$i)
===============================================================================
  b        start()
  c        reportStart()
  eval__   stop()
  eval_q   cancel()
  i        public onLoadComplete(android.support.v4.content.Loader,java.lang.Object)
  l        public onLoadCanceled(android.support.v4.content.Loader)
  o        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  s        callOnLoadFinished(android.support.v4.content.Loader,java.lang.Object)
  t        retain()
  v        destroy()
  x        finishRetain()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_us)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p5)
===============================================================================
  c    public static getParentActivityIntent(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
  f    public static getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
  m    public static getParentActivityName(android.app.Activity)
  p    public static navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  t    public static getParentActivityName(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName)
  y    public static shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  y    public static getParentActivityIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName)
  z    public static navigateUpFromSameTask(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ws)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p5$o)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  b    public abstract getParentActivityName(android.content.Context,android.content.pm.ActivityInfo)
  n    public abstract shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  s    public abstract getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImplBase (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p5$z)
===============================================================================
  b    public navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  b    public getParentActivityName(android.content.Context,android.content.pm.ActivityInfo)
  n    public shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  s    public getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImplJB   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p5$f)
===============================================================================
  b    public navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  b    public getParentActivityName(android.content.Context,android.content.pm.ActivityInfo)
  n    public shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  q    superGetParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
  s    public getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtilsJB        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rh)
===============================================================================
  eval_q   public static navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  i        public static shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  v        public static getParentActivityName(android.content.pm.ActivityInfo)
  z        public static getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtilsJB$IOException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NoSaveStateFrameLayout    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g4)
===============================================================================
  g                            static wrap(android.view.View)
  dispatchRestoreInstanceState protected dispatchRestoreInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)
  dispatchSaveInstanceState    protected dispatchSaveInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)

android.support.v4.app.NoSaveStateFrameLayout$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mx)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval___)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o0)
===============================================================================
  o    public abstract getBuilder()
  p    public abstract build()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ip)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public static getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  eval_u   public static isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  f        public static getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  h        static access$000(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions,java.util.ArrayList)
  o        public static getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  p        private static addActionsToBuilder(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions,java.util.ArrayList)
  q        private static addStyleToBuilderJellybean(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style)
  s        public static getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  u        public static getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  u        private static getNotificationArrayFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  v        public static getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  v        static access$500(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  w        static access$200()
  z        public static getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  z        static access$100(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$g)
===============================================================================
  a    public getIcon()
  f    public getRemoteInputs()
  j    public getTitle()
  o    public getExtras()
  v    public getActionIntent()
  y    static access$300(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$g$1)
===============================================================================
  k    public newArray(int)
  l    public build(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[])

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Builder (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$g$s)
===============================================================================
  d        public build()
  eval_q   public addExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  g        public addRemoteInput(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput)
  i        public getExtras()
  x        public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Extender)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Extender        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$g$i)
===============================================================================
  v    public abstract extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Builder)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_og)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$WearableExtender        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$g$c)
===============================================================================
  a        public setInProgressLabel(java.lang.CharSequence)
  c        private setFlag(int,boolean)
  clone    public clone()
  k        public setConfirmLabel(java.lang.CharSequence)
  l        public getInProgressLabel()
  n        public setAvailableOffline(boolean)
  q        public getConfirmLabel()
  r        public getCancelLabel()
  v        public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Builder)
  x        public setCancelLabel(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y        public isAvailableOffline()
  clone    public volatile clone()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BigPictureStyle        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$k)
===============================================================================
  a    public setSummaryText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  g    public bigLargeIcon(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  m    public setBigContentTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  u    public bigPicture(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BigTextStyle   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$i)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public setSummaryText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  f        public setBigContentTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  n        public bigText(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$q)
===============================================================================
  a        public setPublicVersion(android.app.Notification)
  a        public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  a        public setDefaults(int)
  a        public addPerson(java.lang.String)
  b        public setColor(int)
  c        public setVisibility(int)
  c        public setLights(int,int,int)
  d        public setLargeIcon(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  e        public setSortKey(java.lang.String)
  eval_i   public setContentInfo(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_q   public setOngoing(boolean)
  eval_v   public setTicker(java.lang.CharSequence)
  f        public getExtras()
  f        public setOnlyAlertOnce(boolean)
  h        public setSound(android.net.Uri,int)
  h        public setContent(android.widget.RemoteViews)
  h        public setTicker(java.lang.CharSequence,android.widget.RemoteViews)
  i        public setSubText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public getNotification()
  j        public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action)
  j        public setStyle(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style)
  j        public setSmallIcon(int,int)
  j        public setVibrate(long[])
  l        public setSound(android.net.Uri)
  l        public setAutoCancel(boolean)
  m        public setUsesChronometer(boolean)
  n        public setContentTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public setContentText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public setDeleteIntent(android.app.PendingIntent)
  s        private setFlag(int,boolean)
  s        public setGroup(java.lang.String)
  t        public setFullScreenIntent(android.app.PendingIntent,boolean)
  t        public setGroupSummary(boolean)
  t        public setCategory(java.lang.String)
  u        protected getExtender()
  u        public setLocalOnly(boolean)
  v        public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Extender)
  v        public setShowWhen(boolean)
  w        public setPriority(int)
  w        public addAction(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent)
  w        public setWhen(long)
  x        public setSmallIcon(int)
  y        public build()
  y        public setContentIntent(android.app.PendingIntent)
  y        public addExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  y        public setProgress(int,int,boolean)
  y        protected static limitCharSequenceLength(java.lang.CharSequence)
  z        public setNumber(int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BuilderExtender        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$x)
===============================================================================
  e    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$b)
===============================================================================
  d    public getUnreadConversation()
  n    public setLargeIcon(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  n    public setColor(int)
  o    public getLargeIcon()
  q    public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  t    public setUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation)
  y    public getColor()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$b$q)
===============================================================================
  b        public getReadPendingIntent()
  e        public getReplyPendingIntent()
  eval_o   public getLatestTimestamp()
  f        public getParticipant()
  n        public getRemoteInput()
  p        public getMessages()
  v        public getParticipants()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$b$q$1)
===============================================================================
  s    public build(java.lang.String[],android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent,java.lang.String[],long)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$Builder (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$b$q$c)
===============================================================================
  b    public build()
  f    public setReplyAction(android.app.PendingIntent,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput)
  q    public addMessage(java.lang.String)
  t    public setReadPendingIntent(android.app.PendingIntent)
  y    public setLatestTimestamp(long)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$ParseException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Extender       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$_)
===============================================================================
  q    public abstract extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$InboxStyle     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$t)
===============================================================================
  n    public setSummaryText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o    public setBigContentTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v    public addLine(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$a)
===============================================================================
  d        public abstract getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  d        public abstract getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  eval_y   public abstract getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  g        public abstract getBundleForUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation)
  i        public abstract getUnreadConversationFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  l        public abstract getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  m        public abstract isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  q        public abstract getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  t        public abstract getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  v        public abstract getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action[])
  v        public abstract getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
  x        public abstract getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  z        public abstract build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BuilderExtender)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplApi20    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$v)
===============================================================================
  d        public getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  eval_y   public getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  m        public isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  q        public getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  v        public getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action[])
  v        public getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
  x        public getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  z        public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BuilderExtender)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplApi21    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$eval_k)
===============================================================================
  g    public getBundleForUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation)
  i    public getUnreadConversationFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  l    public getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  z    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BuilderExtender)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplBase     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$eval_b)
===============================================================================
  d        public getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  d        public getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  eval_y   public getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  g        public getBundleForUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation)
  i        public getUnreadConversationFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  l        public getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  m        public isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  q        public getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  t        public getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  v        public getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action[])
  v        public getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
  x        public getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  z        public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BuilderExtender)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplGingerbread      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$d)
===============================================================================
  z    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BuilderExtender)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplHoneycomb        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$o)
===============================================================================
  z    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BuilderExtender)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplIceCreamSandwich (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$p)
===============================================================================
  z    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BuilderExtender)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplJellybean        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$h)
===============================================================================
  d        public getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  d        public getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  eval_y   public getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  m        public isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  q        public getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  t        public getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  v        public getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action[])
  v        public getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
  x        public getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  z        public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BuilderExtender)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplKitKat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$eval_s)
===============================================================================
  d        public getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  d        public getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  eval_y   public getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  m        public isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  q        public getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  t        public getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  x        public getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  z        public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BuilderExtender)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$eval_a)
===============================================================================
  eval_o   public setBuilder(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  o        public build()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$WearableExtender       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry$eval_h)
===============================================================================
  a        public setCustomContentHeight(int)
  b        public getCustomContentHeight()
  c        public getDisplayIntent()
  c        public setHintShowBackgroundOnly(boolean)
  clone    public clone()
  d        public getStartScrollBottom()
  d        public setBackground(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  d        public addActions(java.util.List)
  e        public getHintHideIcon()
  eval_b   public getContentAction()
  eval_f   public clearActions()
  eval_g   public getHintShowBackgroundOnly()
  eval_h   public getContentIconGravity()
  eval_k   public getActions()
  eval_v   public getContentIntentAvailableOffline()
  eval_z   public getContentIcon()
  f        public setCustomSizePreset(int)
  g        public clearPages()
  g        public setContentIcon(int)
  h        public setHintAvoidBackgroundClipping(boolean)
  j        public setContentIntentAvailableOffline(boolean)
  k        public getHintScreenTimeout()
  l        public getGravity()
  m        public setDisplayIntent(android.app.PendingIntent)
  n        public setHintScreenTimeout(int)
  o        public addPage(android.app.Notification)
  o        private setFlag(int,boolean)
  o        public addPages(java.util.List)
  q        public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  r        public setGravity(int)
  s        public getHintAvoidBackgroundClipping()
  s        public setStartScrollBottom(boolean)
  t        public setContentIconGravity(int)
  w        public getCustomSizePreset()
  x        public setHintHideIcon(boolean)
  x        public setContentAction(int)
  y        public getPages()
  z        public getBackground()
  z        public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action)
  clone    public volatile clone()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dr)
===============================================================================
  b        public static getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  c        public static getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  eval_p   private static getActionCompatFromAction(android.app.Notification$Action,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  g        public static getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  i        public static addAction(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  k        public static getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action[])
  l        public static getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  n        public static isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  n        public static getAction(android.app.Notification,int,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  q        private static getActionFromActionCompat(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20$Builder   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dr$k)
===============================================================================
  d    public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  o    public getBuilder()
  p    public build()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_av)
===============================================================================
  i    static getUnreadConversationFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  n    static getBundleForUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation)
  o    public static getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  r    private static fromCompatRemoteInput(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput)
  w    private static toCompatRemoteInput(android.app.RemoteInput,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21$Builder   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_av$u)
===============================================================================
  d    public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  o    public getBuilder()
  p    public build()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z7)
===============================================================================
  e    public static add(android.app.Notification,android.content.Context,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z7$p)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract getIcon()
  f    public abstract getRemoteInputs()
  j    public abstract getTitle()
  o    public abstract getExtras()
  v    public abstract getActionIntent()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z7$p$j)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract newArray(int)
  l    public abstract build(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[])

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z7$w)
===============================================================================
  b        abstract getReadPendingIntent()
  e        abstract getReplyPendingIntent()
  eval_o   abstract getLatestTimestamp()
  f        abstract getParticipant()
  n        abstract getRemoteInput()
  p        abstract getMessages()
  v        abstract getParticipants()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Exception       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z7$w$g)
===============================================================================
  s    public abstract build(java.lang.String[],android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent,java.lang.String[],long)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatExtras  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatExtras$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatGingerbread     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t0)
===============================================================================
  i    public static add(android.app.Notification,android.content.Context,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatGingerbread$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatHoneycomb       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_es)
===============================================================================
  n    static add(android.content.Context,android.app.Notification,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,android.widget.RemoteViews,int,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent,android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_da)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich$Builder        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_da$a)
===============================================================================
  o    public getBuilder()
  p    public build()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_le)
===============================================================================
  d        public static getAction(android.app.Notification,int,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  eval_q   public static getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  f        public static getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  g        public static writeActionAndGetExtras(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  g        public static addInboxStyle(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,java.lang.CharSequence,java.util.ArrayList)
  g        public static getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action[])
  g        public static getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  j        public static getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  l        public static getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  m        private static getActionObjectsLocked(android.app.Notification)
  q        private static ensureActionReflectionReadyLocked()
  r        public static addBigPictureStyle(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,java.lang.CharSequence,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  t        public static getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  v        private static getBundleForAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  w        public static readAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory,int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent,android.os.Bundle)
  w        public static buildActionExtrasMap(java.util.List)
  x        public static isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  z        private static getActionFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  z        public static addBigTextStyle(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean$Builder       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_le$c)
===============================================================================
  d    public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  o    public getBuilder()
  p    public build()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rf)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getAction(android.app.Notification,int,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  b    public static getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  d    public static getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  j    public static isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  k    public static getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  q    public static getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  v    public static getExtras(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat$Builder  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rf$g)
===============================================================================
  d    public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  o    public getBuilder()
  p    public build()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__n)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q5)
===============================================================================
  g        public abstract cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  k        private checkPermission(int,java.lang.String)
  k        public abstract cancelAll(java.lang.String)
  k        public abstract notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  o        static access$100(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService,int,java.lang.String)
  onBind   public onBind(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q5$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$Exception    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$NotificationSideChannelStub  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q5$e)
===============================================================================
  k    public cancelAll(java.lang.String)
  o    public cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  y    public notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2)
===============================================================================
  d        public cancel(int)
  d        public notify(int,android.app.Notification)
  e        static access$000()
  eval_v   public notify(java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)
  j        private static useSideChannelForNotification(android.app.Notification)
  q        public static getEnabledListenerPackages(android.content.Context)
  r        public static from(android.content.Context)
  s        public cancelAll()
  u        public cancel(java.lang.String,int)
  v        private pushSideChannelQueue(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$CancelTask      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$p)
===============================================================================
  h        public send(android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Impl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$j)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract cancelNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int)
  j    public abstract getSideChannelBindFlags()
  s    public abstract postNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplBase        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$s)
===============================================================================
  f    public cancelNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int)
  j    public getSideChannelBindFlags()
  s    public postNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplEclair      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$g)
===============================================================================
  f    public cancelNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int)
  s    public postNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplIceCreamSandwich    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$x)
===============================================================================
  j    public getSideChannelBindFlags()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$NotifyTask      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$eval_u)
===============================================================================
  h        public send(android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ServiceConnectedEvent   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$eval_z)
===============================================================================
  a                        private handleQueueTask(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task)
  e                        private handleServiceConnected(android.content.ComponentName,android.os.IBinder)
  e                        private scheduleListenerRetry(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord)
  g                        private ensureServiceUnbound(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord)
  l                        private updateListenerMap()
  m                        private handleServiceDisconnected(android.content.ComponentName)
  m                        public queueTask(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task)
  t                        private ensureServiceBound(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord)
  x                        private handleRetryListenerQueue(android.content.ComponentName)
  y                        private processListenerQueue(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord)
  handleMessage            public handleMessage(android.os.Message)
  onServiceConnected       public onServiceConnected(android.content.ComponentName,android.os.IBinder)
  onServiceDisconnected    public onServiceDisconnected(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$eval_z$b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ParseException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ak)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f2$i)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract send(android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatEclair   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lp)
===============================================================================
  c    static cancelNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int)
  g    public static postNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatEclair$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatIceCreamSandwich (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatIceCreamSandwich$Exception       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_va)
===============================================================================
  c    public getAllowFreeFormInput()
  d    public getResultKey()
  d    public static addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  e    public getLabel()
  f    public getChoices()
  f    public static getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  y    public getExtras()

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_va$1)
===============================================================================
  a    public build(java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence[],boolean,android.os.Bundle)
  t    public newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Builder       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_va$f)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public addExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  eval_m   public build()
  i        public getExtras()
  s        public setAllowFreeFormInput(boolean)
  t        public setChoices(java.lang.CharSequence[])
  z        public setLabel(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Exception     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Impl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_va$eval_p)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  i    public abstract getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplApi20     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_va$v)
===============================================================================
  c    public addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  i    public getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplBase      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_va$b)
===============================================================================
  c    public addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  i    public getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplJellybean (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_va$g)
===============================================================================
  c    public addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  i    public getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatApi20    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__9)
===============================================================================
  d    static fromCompat(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[])
  r    static getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  u    static addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  w    static toCompat(android.app.RemoteInput[],android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatApi20$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ax)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_th)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x5$x)
===============================================================================
  c    protected abstract getAllowFreeFormInput()
  d    protected abstract getResultKey()
  e    protected abstract getLabel()
  f    protected abstract getChoices()
  y    protected abstract getExtras()

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x5$x$g)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract build(java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence[],boolean,android.os.Bundle)
  t    public abstract newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatJellybean        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t1)
===============================================================================
  eval_c   static fromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  t        static toBundleArray(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[])
  w        static getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  y        static toBundle(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput)
  z        static fromBundleArray(android.os.Bundle[],android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  z        static addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatJellybean$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ServiceCompat     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ServiceCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ay)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f8)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getCallingPackage(android.app.Activity)
  o    static access$000()
  p    public static configureMenuItem(android.view.Menu,int,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)
  u    public static configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)
  y    public static getCallingActivity(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$Exception     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f8$o)
===============================================================================
  a        public setHtmlText(java.lang.String)
  a        public addEmailTo(java.lang.String[])
  b        public setChooserTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  e        public setType(java.lang.String)
  e        private combineArrayExtra(java.lang.String,java.lang.String[])
  eval_b   public setEmailBcc(java.lang.String[])
  eval_d   public setStream(android.net.Uri)
  eval_i   public addEmailTo(java.lang.String)
  f        public addEmailBcc(java.lang.String)
  g        public setChooserTitle(int)
  g        public addEmailCc(java.lang.String)
  h        public addEmailCc(java.lang.String[])
  i        public setEmailTo(java.lang.String[])
  j        public addStream(android.net.Uri)
  k        public addEmailBcc(java.lang.String[])
  o        public static from(android.app.Activity)
  o        public setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        private combineArrayExtra(java.lang.String,java.util.ArrayList)
  p        public getIntent()
  q        public setEmailCc(java.lang.String[])
  r        public startChooser()
  s        getActivity()
  t        public createChooserIntent()
  w        public setSubject(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentReader  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f8$p)
===============================================================================
  a        public getEmailBcc()
  b        public getEmailCc()
  c        public getCallingApplicationIcon()
  c        public static from(android.app.Activity)
  d        public isSingleShare()
  eval_e   public getEmailTo()
  eval_p   public isMultipleShare()
  eval_q   public getStream(int)
  eval_w   public getStreamCount()
  h        public getText()
  k        public getStream()
  n        public getCallingActivityIcon()
  p        public getCallingPackage()
  q        public getCallingApplicationLabel()
  r        public getHtmlText()
  t        public getCallingActivity()
  x        public getType()
  y        public isShareIntent()
  z        public getSubject()

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f8$w)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract escapeHtml(java.lang.CharSequence)
  u    public abstract configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplBase   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f8$s)
===============================================================================
  g    public escapeHtml(java.lang.CharSequence)
  n    private static withinStyle(java.lang.StringBuilder,java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)
  u    public configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplICS    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f8$k)
===============================================================================
  u    public configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)
  x    shouldAddChooserIntent(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplJB     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f8$i)
===============================================================================
  g    public escapeHtml(java.lang.CharSequence)
  x    shouldAddChooserIntent(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatICS    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i4)
===============================================================================
  p    public static configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatICS$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatJB     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ca)
===============================================================================
  x    public static escapeHtml(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bq)
===============================================================================
  d    public onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot(android.view.View,android.graphics.Matrix,android.graphics.RectF)
  h    public onSharedElementStart(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  h    public onMapSharedElements(java.util.List,java.util.Map)
  j    public onCreateSnapshotView(android.content.Context,android.os.Parcelable)
  k    public onSharedElementEnd(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  p    public onRejectSharedElements(java.util.List)
  q    private static createDrawableBitmap(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ui)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.SuperNotCalledException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.SuperNotCalledException$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lm)
===============================================================================
  b        public getIntentCount()
  b        public startActivities(android.os.Bundle)
  c        public getIntent(int)
  d        public addParentStack(java.lang.Class)
  eval_l   public addNextIntentWithParentStack(android.content.Intent)
  eval_v   public static from(android.content.Context)
  m        public addParentStack(android.app.Activity)
  n        public getPendingIntent(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  q        public getIntents()
  u        public getPendingIntent(int,int)
  v        public startActivities()
  x        public static create(android.content.Context)
  x        public editIntentAt(int)
  y        public addParentStack(android.content.ComponentName)
  z        public addNextIntent(android.content.Intent)
  iterator public iterator()

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_aq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$SupportParentable        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lm$_)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public abstract getSupportParentActivityIntent()

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lm$y)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public abstract getPendingIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplBase (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lm$e)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public getPendingIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplHoneycomb    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lm$o)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public getPendingIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplJellybean    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lm$eval_v)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public getPendingIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderHoneycomb (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_na)
===============================================================================
  n    public static getActivitiesPendingIntent(android.content.Context,int,android.content.Intent[],int)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderHoneycomb$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_px)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderJellybean (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ph)
===============================================================================
  g    public static getActivitiesPendingIntent(android.content.Context,int,android.content.Intent[],int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderJellybean$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j_)
===============================================================================
  a    protected onForceLoad()
  h    public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  i    public onCanceled(java.lang.Object)
  j    public abstract loadInBackground()
  o    protected onLoadInBackground()
  r    public cancelLoadInBackground()
  r    dispatchOnCancelled(android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask,java.lang.Object)
  u    public waitForLoader()
  v    dispatchOnLoadComplete(android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask,java.lang.Object)
  w    protected onCancelLoad()
  w    public setUpdateThrottle(long)
  x    executePendingTask()
  z    public isLoadInBackgroundCanceled()

android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j_$x)
===============================================================================
  e    protected transient doInBackground(java.lang.Void[])
  g    protected onCancelled(java.lang.Object)
  h    public waitForLoader()
  t    protected volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  y    protected onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContentResolverCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_id)
===============================================================================
  z    public static query(android.content.ContentResolver,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignal)

android.support.v4.content.ContentResolverCompat$ContentResolverCompatImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_id$w)
===============================================================================
  z    public abstract query(android.content.ContentResolver,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignal)

android.support.v4.content.ContentResolverCompat$ContentResolverCompatImplBase   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_id$a)
===============================================================================
  z    public query(android.content.ContentResolver,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignal)

android.support.v4.content.ContentResolverCompat$ContentResolverCompatImplJB     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_id$e)
===============================================================================
  z    public query(android.content.ContentResolver,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignal)

android.support.v4.content.ContentResolverCompat$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContentResolverCompatJellybean        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c4)
===============================================================================
  eval_c   public static query(android.content.ContentResolver,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
  k        static isFrameworkOperationCanceledException(java.lang.Exception)

android.support.v4.content.ContentResolverCompatJellybean$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q7)
===============================================================================
  a    public static final getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)
  c    public static startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],android.os.Bundle)
  e    public static startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[])
  g    public static final getColor(android.content.Context,int)
  k    public static getExternalFilesDirs(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  l    public static getObbDirs(android.content.Context)
  m    private static transient buildPath(java.io.File,java.lang.String[])
  o    public static getCodeCacheDir(android.content.Context)
  q    public final getNoBackupFilesDir(android.content.Context)
  q    public static checkSelfPermission(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  v    public static getExternalCacheDirs(android.content.Context)
  x    public static final getColorStateList(android.content.Context,int)
  x    private static synchronized createFilesDir(java.io.File)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompat$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_il)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi21    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rc)
===============================================================================
  e    public static getCodeCacheDir(android.content.Context)
  m    public static getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)
  w    public static getNoBackupFilesDir(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi21$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi23    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pt)
===============================================================================
  n    public static getColor(android.content.Context,int)
  q    public static getColorStateList(android.content.Context,int)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi23$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatFroyo    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_op)
===============================================================================
  t    public static getExternalCacheDir(android.content.Context)
  t    public static getExternalFilesDir(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatFroyo$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ya)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatHoneycomb        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c9)
===============================================================================
  q    public static getObbDir(android.content.Context)
  v    static startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[])

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatHoneycomb$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_he)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatJellybean        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ua)
===============================================================================
  r    public static startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatJellybean$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatKitKat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fs)
===============================================================================
  c        public static getExternalCacheDirs(android.content.Context)
  eval_w   public static getObbDirs(android.content.Context)
  i        public static getExternalFilesDirs(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.CursorLoader  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ag)
===============================================================================
  c        public getUri()
  e        public getProjection()
  eval_g   public getSelectionArgs()
  eval_l   protected onReset()
  eval_y   protected onStopLoading()
  h        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  i        public volatile onCanceled(java.lang.Object)
  j        public loadInBackground()
  j        public onCanceled(android.database.Cursor)
  j        public setSelection(java.lang.String)
  j        public setSelectionArgs(java.lang.String[])
  m        public setUri(android.net.Uri)
  n        public getSelection()
  q        public volatile deliverResult(java.lang.Object)
  r        public cancelLoadInBackground()
  s        public getSortOrder()
  s        public deliverResult(android.database.Cursor)
  y        protected onStartLoading()
  z        public setSortOrder(java.lang.String)
  z        public setProjection(java.lang.String[])

android.support.v4.content.CursorLoader$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.EditorCompatGingerbread       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mq)
===============================================================================
  t    public static apply(android.content.SharedPreferences$Editor)

android.support.v4.content.EditorCompatGingerbread$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ExecutorCompatHoneycomb       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z9)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public static getParallelExecutor()

android.support.v4.content.ExecutorCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__l)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.FileProvider  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v0)
===============================================================================
  d            public static getUriForFile(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,java.io.File)
  e            private static getPathStrategy(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  j            private static transient buildPath(java.io.File,java.lang.String[])
  k            private static copyOf(java.lang.String[],int)
  q            private static copyOf(java.lang.Object[],int)
  t            private static modeToMode(java.lang.String)
  v            private static parsePathStrategy(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  attachInfo   public attachInfo(android.content.Context,android.content.pm.ProviderInfo)
  delete       public delete(android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,java.lang.String[])
  getType      public getType(android.net.Uri)
  insert       public insert(android.net.Uri,android.content.ContentValues)
  onCreate     public onCreate()
  openFile     public openFile(android.net.Uri,java.lang.String)
  query        public query(android.net.Uri,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String)
  update       public update(android.net.Uri,android.content.ContentValues,java.lang.String,java.lang.String[])

android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$PathStrategy     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v0$k)
===============================================================================
  q    public abstract getUriForFile(java.io.File)
  u    public abstract getFileForUri(android.net.Uri)

android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$SimplePathStrategy       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v0$n)
===============================================================================
  a    public addRoot(java.lang.String,java.io.File)
  q    public getUriForFile(java.io.File)
  u    public getFileForUri(android.net.Uri)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z2)
===============================================================================
  c    public static makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)
  k    public static makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  u    public static makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z2$l)
===============================================================================
  s    public abstract makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  u    public abstract makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)
  w    public abstract makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplBase     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z2$b)
===============================================================================
  s    public makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  u    public makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)
  w    public makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplHC       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z2$d)
===============================================================================
  u    public makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)
  w    public makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplIcsMr1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z2$c)
===============================================================================
  s    public makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatHoneycomb (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ux)
===============================================================================
  u    public static makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)
  x    public static makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatHoneycomb$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatIcsMr1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bo)
===============================================================================
  b    public static makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatIcsMr1$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.Loader        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bs)
===============================================================================
  a        protected onForceLoad()
  b        public forceLoad()
  c        public unregisterOnLoadCanceledListener(android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCanceledListener)
  eval_b   public getContext()
  eval_c   public stopLoading()
  eval_e   public isStarted()
  eval_f   protected onAbandon()
  eval_i   public reset()
  eval_j   public takeContentChanged()
  eval_k   public isReset()
  eval_l   protected onReset()
  eval_m   public onContentChanged()
  eval_o   public deliverCancellation()
  eval_v   public getId()
  eval_y   protected onStopLoading()
  eval_z   public commitContentChanged()
  f        public abandon()
  f        public dataToString(java.lang.Object)
  h        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  i        public rollbackContentChanged()
  i        public unregisterListener(android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCompleteListener)
  k        public final startLoading()
  k        public registerListener(int,android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCompleteListener)
  l        public registerOnLoadCanceledListener(android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCanceledListener)
  m        public cancelLoad()
  q        public isAbandoned()
  q        public deliverResult(java.lang.Object)
  w        protected onCancelLoad()
  y        protected onStartLoading()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.content.Loader$ForceLoadContentObserver       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bs$n)
===============================================================================
  deliverSelfNotifications public deliverSelfNotifications()
  onChange                 public onChange(boolean)

android.support.v4.content.Loader$IOException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ru)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCanceledListener (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bs$p)
===============================================================================
  l    public abstract onLoadCanceled(android.support.v4.content.Loader)

android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCompleteListener (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bs$v)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract onLoadComplete(android.support.v4.content.Loader,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c1)
===============================================================================
  b    private executePendingBroadcasts()
  f    static access$000(android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager)
  g    public static getInstance(android.content.Context)
  h    public registerReceiver(android.content.BroadcastReceiver,android.content.IntentFilter)
  j    public unregisterReceiver(android.content.BroadcastReceiver)
  t    public sendBroadcast(android.content.Intent)
  x    public sendBroadcastSync(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c1$1)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$BroadcastRecord (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c1$r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$ReceiverRecord  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c1$d)
===============================================================================
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os)
===============================================================================
  a        public final getStatus()
  a        public final transient executeOnExecutor(java.util.concurrent.Executor,java.lang.Object[])
  b        static access$300(android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask,java.lang.Object)
  c        static access$100(android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask)
  d        public final transient execute(java.lang.Object[])
  eval_z   public final isCancelled()
  f        private postResult(java.lang.Object)
  g        protected onCancelled(java.lang.Object)
  h        public static execute(java.lang.Runnable)
  i        protected onCancelled()
  j        public final cancel(boolean)
  k        protected transient onProgressUpdate(java.lang.Object[])
  k        public final get(long,java.util.concurrent.TimeUnit)
  l        protected onPreExecute()
  l        public static setDefaultExecutor(java.util.concurrent.Executor)
  p        public final get()
  p        static access$200(android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask,java.lang.Object)
  t        protected abstract transient doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  w        private postResultIfNotInvoked(java.lang.Object)
  w        protected final transient publishProgress(java.lang.Object[])
  y        protected onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
  z        private static getHandler()
  z        static access$400(android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask,java.lang.Object)
  z        private finish(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os$1)
===============================================================================
  newThread    public newThread(java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$2     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os$2)
===============================================================================
  call public call()

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$3     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os$3)
===============================================================================
  done protected done()

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$4     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os$4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$AsyncTaskResult       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os$e)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$InternalHandler       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os$j)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os$m)
===============================================================================
  valueOf  public static valueOf(java.lang.String)
  values   public static values()

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$WorkerRunnable        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_os$f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ParallelExecutorCompat        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h4)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getParallelExecutor()

android.support.v4.content.ParallelExecutorCompat$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_io)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.PermissionChecker     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f7)
===============================================================================
  n    public static checkCallingOrSelfPermission(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  q    public static checkSelfPermission(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  q    public static checkCallingPermission(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  u    public static checkPermission(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,int,int,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.PermissionChecker$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.PermissionChecker$PermissionResult    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f7$v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.SharedPreferencesCompat       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.SharedPreferencesCompat$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x8$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.SharedPreferencesCompat$EditorCompat  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x8$n)
===============================================================================
  f    public apply(android.content.SharedPreferences$Editor)
  r    public static getInstance()

android.support.v4.content.SharedPreferencesCompat$EditorCompat$EditorHelperApi9Impl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x8$n$o)
===============================================================================
  m    public apply(android.content.SharedPreferences$Editor)

android.support.v4.content.SharedPreferencesCompat$EditorCompat$EditorHelperBaseImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x8$n$a)
===============================================================================
  m    public apply(android.content.SharedPreferences$Editor)

android.support.v4.content.SharedPreferencesCompat$EditorCompat$Helper   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x8$n$n)
===============================================================================
  m    public abstract apply(android.content.SharedPreferences$Editor)

android.support.v4.content.SharedPreferencesCompat$EditorCompat$IOException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.SharedPreferencesCompat$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ls)
===============================================================================
  j    public static completeWakefulIntent(android.content.Intent)
  q    public static startWakefulService(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.pm.ActivityInfoCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_co)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.pm.ActivityInfoCompat$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u2)
===============================================================================
  eval_q   public static getColor(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  g        public static getDrawable(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  m        public static getColorStateList(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  v        public static getDrawableForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi21      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ml)
===============================================================================
  h    public static getDrawable(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  j    public static getDrawableForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi23      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ol)
===============================================================================
  m    public static getColorStateList(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  o    public static getColor(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi23$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatIcsMr1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mk)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getDrawableForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int)

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatIcsMr1$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.res.TypedArrayUtils   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ef)
===============================================================================
  d    public static getString(android.content.res.TypedArray,int,int)
  g    public static getDrawable(android.content.res.TypedArray,int,int)
  g    public static getBoolean(android.content.res.TypedArray,int,int,boolean)
  l    public static getResourceId(android.content.res.TypedArray,int,int,int)
  n    public static getInt(android.content.res.TypedArray,int,int,int)
  o    public static getTextArray(android.content.res.TypedArray,int,int)

android.support.v4.content.res.TypedArrayUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.database.DatabaseUtilsCompat  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ja)
===============================================================================
  q    public static appendSelectionArgs(java.lang.String[],java.lang.String[])
  s    public static concatenateWhere(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.database.DatabaseUtilsCompat$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fe)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ur)
===============================================================================
  i    public static setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  k    public static getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  r    public static hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$BaseBitmapImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ur$f)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  n        public hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  u        public getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$BitmapImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ur$_)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public abstract setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  n        public abstract hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  u        public abstract getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$HcMr1BitmapCompatImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ur$u)
===============================================================================
  u    public getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$JbMr2BitmapCompatImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ur$eval_y)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  n        public hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$KitKatBitmapCompatImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ur$y)
===============================================================================
  u    public getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatHoneycombMr1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d9)
===============================================================================
  r    static getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatHoneycombMr1$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatJellybeanMR2     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m_)
===============================================================================
  j    public static setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  o    public static hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatJellybeanMR2$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatKitKat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l8)
===============================================================================
  i    static getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.ColorUtils   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w6)
===============================================================================
  d        private static pivotXyzComponent(double)
  d        public static setAlphaComponent(int,int)
  e        public static RGBToHSL(int,int,int,float[])
  eval_k   public static colorToLAB(int,double[])
  eval_z   public static calculateLuminance(int)
  f        public static RGBToLAB(int,int,int,double[])
  g        private static constrain(int,int,int)
  i        public static blendARGB(int,int,float)
  j        public static RGBToXYZ(int,int,int,double[])
  k        public static XYZToLAB(double,double,double,double[])
  l        private static compositeComponent(int,int,int,int,int)
  m        public static XYZToColor(double,double,double)
  m        public static compositeColors(int,int)
  o        public static LABToColor(double,double,double)
  p        public static colorToXYZ(int,double[])
  p        private static compositeAlpha(int,int)
  q        public static calculateMinimumAlpha(int,int,float)
  r        public static blendLAB(double[],double[],double,double[])
  s        public static distanceEuclidean(double[],double[])
  s        static circularInterpolate(float,float,float)
  s        public static colorToHSL(int,float[])
  t        public static LABToXYZ(double,double,double,double[])
  u        public static calculateContrast(int,int)
  w        private static constrain(float,float,float)
  x        public static blendHSL(float[],float[],float,float[])
  z        private static getTempDouble3Array()
  z        public static HSLToColor(float[])

android.support.v4.graphics.ColorUtils$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0)
===============================================================================
  a    public static unwrap(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  a    public static setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  c    public static getLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  e    public static canApplyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  h    public static isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  i    public static setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  j    public static wrap(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  j    public static setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  l    public static inflate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  q    public static getColorFilter(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  r    public static setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  r    public static applyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  r    public static setLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  u    public static setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  w    public static jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  w    public static setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  x    public static getAlpha(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$BaseDrawableImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0$n)
===============================================================================
  b        public canApplyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  c        public setLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  d        public setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  eval_c   public getLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_c   public setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  eval_h   public getColorFilter(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  h        public jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  l        public wrap(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  l        public applyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  l        public setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  o        public setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  t        public isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t        public setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  v        public getAlpha(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v        public setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  y        public inflate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$DrawableImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0$g)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract canApplyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  c        public abstract setLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  d        public abstract setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  eval_c   public abstract getLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_c   public abstract setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  eval_h   public abstract getColorFilter(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  h        public abstract jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  l        public abstract wrap(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  l        public abstract applyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  l        public abstract setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  o        public abstract setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  t        public abstract isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t        public abstract setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  v        public abstract getAlpha(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v        public abstract setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  y        public abstract inflate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$EclairDrawableImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0$u)
===============================================================================
  l    public wrap(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$HoneycombDrawableImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0$m)
===============================================================================
  h    public jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  l    public wrap(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$JellybeanMr1DrawableImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0$p)
===============================================================================
  c        public setLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  eval_c   public getLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$KitKatDrawableImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0$f)
===============================================================================
  d    public setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  l    public wrap(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t    public isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v    public getAlpha(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$LollipopDrawableImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0$w)
===============================================================================
  b        public canApplyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_c   public setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  eval_h   public getColorFilter(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  l        public wrap(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  l        public applyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  l        public setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  o        public setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  t        public setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  v        public setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  y        public inflate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$MDrawableImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0$l)
===============================================================================
  c        public setLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  eval_c   public getLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  l        public wrap(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatApi23 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ue)
===============================================================================
  h    public static setLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  t    public static getLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatApi23$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatBase  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pm)
===============================================================================
  a    public static wrapForTinting(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  c    public static setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  h    public static setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  h    public static inflate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  s    public static setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatBase$NullPointerException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ff)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatEclair        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v9)
===============================================================================
  i    public static wrapForTinting(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatEclair$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatHoneycomb     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p8)
===============================================================================
  e    public static wrapForTinting(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  o    public static jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatJellybeanMr1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_me)
===============================================================================
  a    public static setLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  u    public static getLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatJellybeanMr1$IOException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatKitKat        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sj)
===============================================================================
  b    public static wrapForTinting(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  d    public static setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  k    public static isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  o    public static getAlpha(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatKitKat$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatLollipop      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t5)
===============================================================================
  c    public static setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  c    public static applyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  j    public static setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  n    public static inflate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  q    public static getColorFilter(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  u    public static wrapForTinting(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  u    public static setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  u    public static setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  v    public static setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  w    public static canApplyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatLollipop$Exception    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapper     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sy)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract getWrappedDrawable()
  o    public abstract setWrappedDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapper$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperDonut        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_em)
===============================================================================
  c                            protected newDrawableFromState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable$ConstantState,android.content.res.Resources)
  d                            protected isCompatTintEnabled()
  e                            public final getWrappedDrawable()
  n                            mutateConstantState()
  o                            public final setWrappedDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  w                            private updateTint(int[])
  z                            private updateLocalState(android.content.res.Resources)
  draw                         public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getChangingConfigurations    public getChangingConfigurations()
  getConstantState             public getConstantState()
  getCurrent                   public getCurrent()
  getIntrinsicHeight           public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth            public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getMinimumHeight             public getMinimumHeight()
  getMinimumWidth              public getMinimumWidth()
  getOpacity                   public getOpacity()
  getPadding                   public getPadding(android.graphics.Rect)
  getState                     public getState()
  getTransparentRegion         public getTransparentRegion()
  invalidateDrawable           public invalidateDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  isStateful                   public isStateful()
  mutate                       public mutate()
  onBoundsChange               protected onBoundsChange(android.graphics.Rect)
  onLevelChange                protected onLevelChange(int)
  scheduleDrawable             public scheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  setAlpha                     public setAlpha(int)
  setChangingConfigurations    public setChangingConfigurations(int)
  setColorFilter               public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  setDither                    public setDither(boolean)
  setFilterBitmap              public setFilterBitmap(boolean)
  setState                     public setState(int[])
  setTint                      public setTint(int)
  setTintList                  public setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  setTintMode                  public setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean,boolean)
  unscheduleDrawable           public unscheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperDonut$DrawableWrapperState   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_em$i)
===============================================================================
  h                            canConstantState()
  getChangingConfigurations    public getChangingConfigurations()
  newDrawable                  public newDrawable()
  newDrawable                  public abstract newDrawable(android.content.res.Resources)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperDonut$DrawableWrapperStateDonut      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_em$q)
===============================================================================
  newDrawable  public newDrawable(android.content.res.Resources)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperDonut$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperEclair       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__q)
===============================================================================
  c    protected newDrawableFromState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable$ConstantState,android.content.res.Resources)
  n    mutateConstantState()

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperEclair$DrawableWrapperStateEclair    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__q$o)
===============================================================================
  newDrawable  public newDrawable(android.content.res.Resources)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperEclair$IOException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperHoneycomb    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eo)
===============================================================================
  n                    mutateConstantState()
  jumpToCurrentState   public jumpToCurrentState()

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperHoneycomb$DrawableWrapperStateHoneycomb      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eo$i)
===============================================================================
  newDrawable  public newDrawable(android.content.res.Resources)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperKitKat       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ab)
===============================================================================
  n                mutateConstantState()
  isAutoMirrored   public isAutoMirrored()
  setAutoMirrored  public setAutoMirrored(boolean)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperKitKat$DrawableWrapperStateKitKat    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ab$r)
===============================================================================
  newDrawable  public newDrawable(android.content.res.Resources)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperKitKat$IOException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperLollipop     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g2)
===============================================================================
  d                protected isCompatTintEnabled()
  n                mutateConstantState()
  getDirtyBounds   public getDirtyBounds()
  getOutline       public getOutline(android.graphics.Outline)
  setHotspot       public setHotspot(float,float)
  setHotspotBounds public setHotspotBounds(int,int,int,int)
  setState         public setState(int[])
  setTint          public setTint(int)
  setTintList      public setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  setTintMode      public setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperLollipop$DrawableWrapperStateLollipop        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g2$s)
===============================================================================
  newDrawable  public newDrawable(android.content.res.Resources)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapperLollipop$NullPointerException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qz)
===============================================================================
  b                    public hasAntiAlias()
  c                    public getCornerRadius()
  c                    public setCornerRadius(float)
  eval_s               public setAntiAlias(boolean)
  f                    public setMipMap(boolean)
  h                    public setTargetDensity(android.graphics.Canvas)
  i                    updateDstRect()
  j                    public hasMipMap()
  j                    gravityCompatApply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)
  l                    public isCircular()
  n                    public setTargetDensity(int)
  o                    public setTargetDensity(android.util.DisplayMetrics)
  s                    public final getBitmap()
  u                    public setCircular(boolean)
  u                    private static isGreaterThanZero(float)
  v                    public getGravity()
  x                    private updateCircularCornerRadius()
  y                    public final getPaint()
  z                    private computeBitmapSize()
  z                    public setGravity(int)
  draw                 public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getAlpha             public getAlpha()
  getColorFilter       public getColorFilter()
  getIntrinsicHeight   public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth    public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getOpacity           public getOpacity()
  onBoundsChange       protected onBoundsChange(android.graphics.Rect)
  setAlpha             public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter       public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  setDither            public setDither(boolean)
  setFilterBitmap      public setFilterBitmap(boolean)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable$IOException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable21     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ju)
===============================================================================
  f            public setMipMap(boolean)
  j            public hasMipMap()
  j            gravityCompatApply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)
  getOutline   public getOutline(android.graphics.Outline)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable21$NullPointerException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yl)
===============================================================================
  m    public static create(android.content.res.Resources,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  o    public static create(android.content.res.Resources,java.io.InputStream)
  s    public static create(android.content.res.Resources,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory$DefaultRoundedBitmapDrawable   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yl$n)
===============================================================================
  f    public setMipMap(boolean)
  j    public hasMipMap()
  j    gravityCompatApply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory$NullPointerException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.TintAwareDrawable   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bd)
===============================================================================
  setTint      public abstract setTint(int)
  setTintList  public abstract setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  setTintMode  public abstract setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.TintAwareDrawable$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j8)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract getDisplays()
  e    public abstract getDisplay(int)
  m    public static getInstance(android.content.Context)
  z    public abstract getDisplays(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$JellybeanMr1Impl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j8$n)
===============================================================================
  c    public getDisplays()
  e    public getDisplay(int)
  z    public getDisplays(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$LegacyImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j8$r)
===============================================================================
  c    public getDisplays()
  e    public getDisplay(int)
  z    public getDisplays(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerJellybeanMr1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f4)
===============================================================================
  g    public static getDisplayManager(android.content.Context)
  m    public static getDisplays(java.lang.Object)
  p    public static getDisplay(java.lang.Object,int)
  u    public static getDisplays(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerJellybeanMr1$ParseException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rs)
===============================================================================
  a    public authenticate(android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$CryptoObject,int,android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignal,android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$AuthenticationCallback,android.os.Handler)
  l    public static from(android.content.Context)
  t    public isHardwareDetected()
  u    public hasEnrolledFingerprints()

android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$Api23FingerprintManagerCompatImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rs$c)
===============================================================================
  b        public hasEnrolledFingerprints(android.content.Context)
  b        static access$000(android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$CryptoObject)
  d        private static unwrapCryptoObject(android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$CryptoObject)
  eval_q   private static wrapCallback(android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$AuthenticationCallback)
  i        private static wrapCryptoObject(android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$CryptoObject)
  o        public isHardwareDetected(android.content.Context)
  v        public authenticate(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$CryptoObject,int,android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignal,android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$AuthenticationCallback,android.os.Handler)

android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$Api23FingerprintManagerCompatImpl$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rs$c$1)
===============================================================================
  b    public onAuthenticationHelp(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  f    public onAuthenticationError(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  i    public onAuthenticationFailed()
  w    public onAuthenticationSucceeded(android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$AuthenticationResultInternal)

android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$Api23FingerprintManagerCompatImpl$IOException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$AuthenticationCallback  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rs$d)
===============================================================================
  d    public onAuthenticationError(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  l    public onAuthenticationFailed()
  u    public onAuthenticationSucceeded(android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$AuthenticationResult)
  w    public onAuthenticationHelp(int,java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$AuthenticationResult    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rs$y)
===============================================================================
  z    public getCryptoObject()

android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$CryptoObject    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rs$i)
===============================================================================
  a    public getSignature()
  d    public getMac()
  n    public getCipher()

android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$Exception       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$FingerprintManagerCompatImpl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rs$r)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract hasEnrolledFingerprints(android.content.Context)
  o    public abstract isHardwareDetected(android.content.Context)
  v    public abstract authenticate(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$CryptoObject,int,android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignal,android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$AuthenticationCallback,android.os.Handler)

android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$LegacyFingerprintManagerCompatImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rs$l)
===============================================================================
  b    public hasEnrolledFingerprints(android.content.Context)
  o    public isHardwareDetected(android.content.Context)
  v    public authenticate(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$CryptoObject,int,android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignal,android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompat$AuthenticationCallback,android.os.Handler)

android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xm)
===============================================================================
  a        public static isHardwareDetected(android.content.Context)
  e        private static wrapCryptoObject(android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$CryptoObject)
  eval_q   private static getFingerprintManager(android.content.Context)
  g        public static authenticate(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$CryptoObject,int,java.lang.Object,android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$AuthenticationCallback,android.os.Handler)
  h        public static hasEnrolledFingerprints(android.content.Context)
  h        private static wrapCallback(android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$AuthenticationCallback)
  i        private static unwrapCryptoObject(android.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManager$CryptoObject)
  m        static access$000(android.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManager$CryptoObject)

android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xm$1)
===============================================================================
  onAuthenticationError        public onAuthenticationError(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  onAuthenticationFailed       public onAuthenticationFailed()
  onAuthenticationHelp         public onAuthenticationHelp(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  onAuthenticationSucceeded    public onAuthenticationSucceeded(android.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManager$AuthenticationResult)

android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$AuthenticationCallback     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xm$l)
===============================================================================
  b    public onAuthenticationHelp(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  f    public onAuthenticationError(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  i    public onAuthenticationFailed()
  w    public onAuthenticationSucceeded(android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$AuthenticationResultInternal)

android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$AuthenticationResultInternal       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xm$w)
===============================================================================
  o    public getCryptoObject()

android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$CryptoObject       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xm$n)
===============================================================================
  i    public getSignature()
  k    public getCipher()
  o    public getMac()

android.support.v4.hardware.fingerprint.FingerprintManagerCompatApi23$Exception  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_st)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lf)
===============================================================================
  v                    public abstract getSupportActionProvider()
  x                    public abstract setSupportActionProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  z                    public abstract setSupportOnActionExpandListener(android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  collapseActionView   public abstract collapseActionView()
  expandActionView     public abstract expandActionView()
  getActionView        public abstract getActionView()
  isActionViewExpanded public abstract isActionViewExpanded()
  setActionView        public abstract setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView        public abstract setActionView(int)
  setShowAsAction      public abstract setShowAsAction(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags public abstract setShowAsActionFlags(int)

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.IMediaBrowserServiceAdapterApi21        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.IMediaBrowserServiceAdapterApi21$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.IMediaBrowserServiceAdapterApi21$Stub   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a9$c)
===============================================================================
  d            public abstract getMediaItem(java.lang.String,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  e            public abstract removeSubscription(java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
  t            public abstract addSubscription(java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
  u            public abstract disconnect(java.lang.Object)
  w            public abstract connect(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,java.lang.Object)
  asBinder     public asBinder()
  onTransact   public onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.IMediaBrowserServiceCallbacksAdapterApi21       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e3)
===============================================================================
  eval_t   onLoadChildren(java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
  l        asBinder()
  p        onConnectFailed()
  z        onConnect(java.lang.String,java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.IMediaBrowserServiceCallbacksAdapterApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.IMediaBrowserServiceCallbacksAdapterApi21$Stub  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e3$r)
===============================================================================
  d    static asInterface(android.os.IBinder)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9)
===============================================================================
  a        public getItem(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemCallback)
  b        public subscribe(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SubscriptionCallback)
  c        public connect()
  e        public getRoot()
  eval_g   public getExtras()
  f        public unsubscribe(java.lang.String)
  m        public getServiceComponent()
  o        public unsubscribe(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  p        public getSessionToken()
  r        public disconnect()
  t        public subscribe(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SubscriptionCallback)
  x        public isConnected()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$CallbackHandler      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$g)
===============================================================================
  q                setCallbacksMessenger(android.os.Messenger)
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ConnectionCallback   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$e)
===============================================================================
  d    public onConnectionSuspended()
  f    setInternalConnectionCallback(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ConnectionCallback$ConnectionCallbackInternal)
  m    public onConnected()
  r    public onConnectionFailed()
  y    static access$200(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ConnectionCallback)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ConnectionCallback$ConnectionCallbackInternal        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$e$j)
===============================================================================
  eval_l   public abstract onConnected()
  eval_y   public abstract onConnectionSuspended()
  j        public abstract onConnectionFailed()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ConnectionCallback$ParseException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ox)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ConnectionCallback$StubApi21 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$e$f)
===============================================================================
  b    public onConnectionFailed()
  f    public onConnected()
  p    public onConnectionSuspended()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemCallback (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$r)
===============================================================================
  m    public onError(java.lang.String)
  x    public onItemLoaded(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemCallback$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemCallback$StubApi23       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$r$c)
===============================================================================
  f    public onError(java.lang.String)
  i    public onItemLoaded(android.os.Parcel)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemReceiver (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$z)
===============================================================================
  h    protected onReceiveResult(int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$f)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getItem(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemCallback)
  c        public abstract getExtras()
  d        public abstract getRoot()
  eval_j   public abstract unsubscribe(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_r   public abstract getServiceComponent()
  i        public abstract subscribe(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SubscriptionCallback)
  l        public abstract connect()
  q        public abstract isConnected()
  r        public abstract disconnect()
  w        public abstract getSessionToken()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplApi21        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$p)
===============================================================================
  a        public getItem(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemCallback)
  c        public getExtras()
  d        public getRoot()
  eval_j   public unsubscribe(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_l   public onConnected()
  eval_r   public getServiceComponent()
  eval_y   public onConnectionSuspended()
  i        public subscribe(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SubscriptionCallback)
  j        public onConnectionFailed()
  l        public connect()
  l        public onServiceConnected(android.os.Messenger,java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token,android.os.Bundle)
  q        public isConnected()
  r        public disconnect()
  v        public onConnectionFailed(android.os.Messenger)
  w        public getSessionToken()
  x        public onLoadChildren(android.os.Messenger,java.lang.String,java.util.List,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplApi21$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$p$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplApi21$2      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$p$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplApi21$3      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$p$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplApi21$NullPointerException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__e)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplApi23        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$_)
===============================================================================
  a    public getItem(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemCallback)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_p)
===============================================================================
  a        public getItem(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemCallback)
  c        public getExtras()
  d        public getRoot()
  e        static access$1100(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase)
  eval_j   public unsubscribe(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_k   static access$1200(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase)
  eval_r   public getServiceComponent()
  eval_w   static access$1400(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase)
  f        static access$1600(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase)
  h        static access$1402(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase,int)
  i        static access$1700(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase)
  i        public subscribe(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SubscriptionCallback)
  j        static access$1102(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ServiceBinderWrapper)
  l        public connect()
  l        public onServiceConnected(android.os.Messenger,java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token,android.os.Bundle)
  n        private forceCloseConnection()
  o        static access$700(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase)
  p        static access$1500(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase)
  q        public isConnected()
  q        static access$1300(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase)
  r        public disconnect()
  r        private isCurrent(android.os.Messenger,java.lang.String)
  s        static access$900(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase)
  v        public onConnectionFailed(android.os.Messenger)
  w        public getSessionToken()
  x        dump()
  x        public onLoadChildren(android.os.Messenger,java.lang.String,java.util.List,android.os.Bundle)
  x        static access$800(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase)
  y        static access$1202(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase,android.os.Messenger)
  y        private static getStateLabel(int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_p$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase$2       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_p$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase$3       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_p$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase$Exception       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase$MediaServiceConnection  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_p$w)
===============================================================================
  c                        private isCurrent(java.lang.String)
  k                        static access$1000(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase$MediaServiceConnection,java.lang.String)
  z                        private postOrRun(java.lang.Runnable)
  onServiceConnected       public onServiceConnected(android.content.ComponentName,android.os.IBinder)
  onServiceDisconnected    public onServiceDisconnected(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase$MediaServiceConnection$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_p$w$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase$MediaServiceConnection$2        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_p$w$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserImplBase$MediaServiceConnection$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xs)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaBrowserServiceCallbackImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_j)
===============================================================================
  l    public abstract onServiceConnected(android.os.Messenger,java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token,android.os.Bundle)
  v    public abstract onConnectionFailed(android.os.Messenger)
  x    public abstract onLoadChildren(android.os.Messenger,java.lang.String,java.util.List,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_a)
===============================================================================
  c                public getDescription()
  eval_d           public isPlayable()
  g                public isBrowsable()
  q                public getMediaId()
  s                public getFlags()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_a$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem$Flags      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_a$s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_do)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ServiceBinderWrapper (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_d)
===============================================================================
  b    getMediaItem(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver)
  g    addSubscription(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.Messenger)
  h    registerCallbackMessenger(android.os.Messenger)
  m    disconnect(android.os.Messenger)
  n    unregisterCallbackMessenger(android.os.Messenger)
  v    removeSubscription(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.Messenger)
  w    connect(android.content.Context,android.os.Bundle,android.os.Messenger)
  w    private sendRequest(int,android.os.Bundle,android.os.Messenger)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$Subscription (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$eval_v)
===============================================================================
  e    public isEmpty()
  i    public remove(android.os.Bundle)
  n    public getOptionsList()
  t    public setCallbackForOptions(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SubscriptionCallback,android.os.Bundle)
  w    public getCallback(android.os.Bundle)
  x    public getCallbacks()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SubscriptionCallback (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$u)
===============================================================================
  n    public onChildrenLoaded(java.lang.String,java.util.List,android.os.Bundle)
  o    public onError(java.lang.String)
  w    public onError(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  z    public onChildrenLoaded(java.lang.String,java.util.List)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SubscriptionCallbackApi21    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$w)
===============================================================================
  n    public onChildrenLoaded(java.lang.String,java.util.List,android.os.Bundle)
  o    public onError(java.lang.String)
  u    static access$1800(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SubscriptionCallbackApi21)
  v    static access$400(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SubscriptionCallbackApi21)
  w    public onError(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  z    public onChildrenLoaded(java.lang.String,java.util.List)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SubscriptionCallbackApi21$Exception  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SubscriptionCallbackApi21$StubApi21  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t9$w$r)
===============================================================================
  a    public onChildrenLoaded(java.lang.String,java.util.List)
  q    public onError(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi21 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bv)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getSessionToken(java.lang.Object)
  h    public static createBrowser(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName,java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  h    public static getExtras(java.lang.Object)
  j    public static createConnectionCallback(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi21$ConnectionCallback)
  j    public static createSubscriptionCallback(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi21$SubscriptionCallback)
  j    public static unsubscribe(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  o    public static disconnect(java.lang.Object)
  p    public static connect(java.lang.Object)
  q    public static getRoot(java.lang.Object)
  t    public static isConnected(java.lang.Object)
  u    public static subscribe(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
  x    public static getServiceComponent(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi21$ConnectionCallback      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bv$g)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onConnectionFailed()
  f    public abstract onConnected()
  p    public abstract onConnectionSuspended()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi21$ConnectionCallbackProxy (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bv$q)
===============================================================================
  onConnected              public onConnected()
  onConnectionFailed       public onConnectionFailed()
  onConnectionSuspended    public onConnectionSuspended()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi21$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_du)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi21$SubscriptionCallback    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bv$k)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onChildrenLoaded(java.lang.String,java.util.List)
  q    public abstract onError(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi21$SubscriptionCallbackProxy       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bv$eval_w)
===============================================================================
  onChildrenLoaded public onChildrenLoaded(java.lang.String,java.util.List)
  onError          public onError(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi23 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tl)
===============================================================================
  n    public static createItemCallback(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi23$ItemCallback)
  s    public static getItem(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi23$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi23$ItemCallback    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tl$q)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract onError(java.lang.String)
  i    public abstract onItemLoaded(android.os.Parcel)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatApi23$ItemCallbackProxy       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tl$u)
===============================================================================
  onError      public onError(java.lang.String)
  onItemLoaded public onItemLoaded(android.media.browse.MediaBrowser$MediaItem)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatUtils (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vz)
===============================================================================
  f    public static areSameOptions(android.os.Bundle,android.os.Bundle)
  i    public static applyOptions(java.util.List,android.os.Bundle)
  k    public static hasDuplicatedItems(android.os.Bundle,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompatUtils$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserProtocol    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserProtocol$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1)
===============================================================================
  a        private addSubscription(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ConnectionRecord,android.os.Bundle)
  a        public abstract onGetRoot(java.lang.String,int,android.os.Bundle)
  c        static access$900(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat,java.lang.String,android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver)
  c        private removeSubscription(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ConnectionRecord,android.os.Bundle)
  e        public notifyChildrenChanged(java.lang.String)
  e        public notifyChildrenChanged(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  f        public getSessionToken()
  f        private applyOptions(java.util.List,android.os.Bundle)
  h        public onLoadChildren(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$Result,android.os.Bundle)
  i        static access$100(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat)
  i        public onLoadItem(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$Result)
  j        private isValidPackage(java.lang.String,int)
  k        static access$1000(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat,java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ConnectionRecord,android.os.Bundle)
  k        public setSessionToken(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token)
  l        private notifyChildrenChangedInternal(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  l        private performLoadChildren(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ConnectionRecord,android.os.Bundle)
  n        static access$700(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat,java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ConnectionRecord,android.os.Bundle)
  p        private performLoadItem(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver)
  r        static access$800(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat,java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ConnectionRecord,android.os.Bundle)
  s        public abstract onLoadChildren(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$Result)
  w        static access$500(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat)
  y        static access$400(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat,java.lang.String,int)
  dump     public dump(java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  onBind   public onBind(android.content.Intent)
  onCreate public onCreate()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$2     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$3     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$3)
===============================================================================
  o    volatile onResultSent(java.lang.Object,int)
  x    onResultSent(java.util.List,int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$4     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$4)
===============================================================================
  n    onResultSent(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem,int)
  o    volatile onResultSent(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$BrowserRoot   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$f)
===============================================================================
  eval_d   public getExtras()
  r        public getRootId()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ConnectionRecord      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$l)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$MediaBrowserServiceImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$e)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public abstract onBind(android.content.Intent)
  o        public abstract onCreate()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$MediaBrowserServiceImplApi21  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$o)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public onBind(android.content.Intent)
  o        public onCreate()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$MediaBrowserServiceImplApi23  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$j)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public onBind(android.content.Intent)
  o        public onCreate()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$MediaBrowserServiceImplBase   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$eval_v)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public onBind(android.content.Intent)
  o        public onCreate()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$Result        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$y)
===============================================================================
  j    isDone()
  o    onResultSent(java.lang.Object,int)
  t    public detach()
  v    public sendResult(java.lang.Object)
  z    setFlags(int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceCallbacks      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$eval_y)
===============================================================================
  t    public abstract onConnect(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token,android.os.Bundle)
  u    public abstract asBinder()
  w    public abstract onConnectFailed()
  w    public abstract onLoadChildren(java.lang.String,java.util.List,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceCallbacksApi21 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$q)
===============================================================================
  t    public onConnect(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token,android.os.Bundle)
  u    public asBinder()
  w    public onConnectFailed()
  w    public onLoadChildren(java.lang.String,java.util.List,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceCallbacksCompat        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$n)
===============================================================================
  s    private sendRequest(int,android.os.Bundle)
  t    public onConnect(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token,android.os.Bundle)
  u    public asBinder()
  w    public onConnectFailed()
  w    public onLoadChildren(java.lang.String,java.util.List,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceHandler        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$b)
===============================================================================
  c                    public getServiceImpl()
  l                    public postOrRun(java.lang.Runnable)
  handleMessage        public handleMessage(android.os.Message)
  sendMessageAtTime    public sendMessageAtTime(android.os.Message,long)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$a)
===============================================================================
  c    public unregisterCallbacks(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceCallbacks)
  l    public removeSubscription(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceCallbacks)
  l    public connect(java.lang.String,int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceCallbacks)
  n    public addSubscription(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceCallbacks)
  n    public getMediaItem(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver)
  w    public registerCallbacks(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceCallbacks)
  y    public disconnect(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceCallbacks)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$a$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl$2 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$a$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl$3 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$a$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl$4 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$a$4)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl$5 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$a$5)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl$6 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$a$6)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl$7 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$a$7)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImpl$ParseException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImplApi21      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$eval_r)
===============================================================================
  a    public removeSubscription(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$ServiceCallbacks)
  i    public connect(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$ServiceCallbacks)
  n    public addSubscription(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$ServiceCallbacks)
  z    public disconnect(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$ServiceCallbacks)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImplApi23      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$eval_p)
===============================================================================
  d    public getMediaItem(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$ItemCallback)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImplApi23$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s1$eval_p$1)
===============================================================================
  h    protected onReceiveResult(int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat$ServiceImplApi23$ParseException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qs)
===============================================================================
  h    public static createService()
  k    public static onBind(java.lang.Object,android.content.Intent)
  m    public static onCreate(java.lang.Object,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$ServiceImplApi21)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$MediaBrowserServiceAdaptorApi21  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qs$n)
===============================================================================
  b    public onCreate(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$ServiceImplApi21)
  d    public onBind(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$MediaBrowserServiceAdaptorApi21$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$MediaBrowserServiceAdaptorApi21$ServiceBinderProxyApi21  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qs$n$e)
===============================================================================
  d    public getMediaItem(java.lang.String,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  e    public removeSubscription(java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
  t    public addSubscription(java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
  u    public disconnect(java.lang.Object)
  w    public connect(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$NullPointerException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ot)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$ServiceCallbacks (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qs$u)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onConnect(java.lang.String,java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  m    public abstract asBinder()
  q    public abstract onLoadChildren(java.lang.String,java.util.List)
  v    public abstract onConnectFailed()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$ServiceCallbacksApi21    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qs$s)
===============================================================================
  a    public onConnect(java.lang.String,java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  m    public asBinder()
  q    public onLoadChildren(java.lang.String,java.util.List)
  v    public onConnectFailed()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$ServiceImplApi21 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qs$i)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract removeSubscription(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$ServiceCallbacks)
  i    public abstract connect(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$ServiceCallbacks)
  n    public abstract addSubscription(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$ServiceCallbacks)
  z    public abstract disconnect(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi21$ServiceCallbacks)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dn)
===============================================================================
  f    public static onCreate(java.lang.Object,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$ServiceImplApi23)
  h    public static createService()

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$ItemCallback     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dn$o)
===============================================================================
  w    public abstract onItemLoaded(int,android.os.Bundle,android.os.Parcel)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$MediaBrowserServiceAdaptorApi23  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dn$w)
===============================================================================
  eval_z   public onCreate(android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$ServiceImplApi23)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$MediaBrowserServiceAdaptorApi23$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ir)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$MediaBrowserServiceAdaptorApi23$ServiceBinderProxyApi23  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dn$w$k)
===============================================================================
  d    public getMediaItem(java.lang.String,android.os.ResultReceiver)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$MediaBrowserServiceAdaptorApi23$ServiceBinderProxyApi23$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dn$w$k$1)
===============================================================================
  w    public onItemLoaded(int,android.os.Bundle,android.os.Parcel)

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$MediaBrowserServiceAdaptorApi23$ServiceBinderProxyApi23$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_if)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$NullPointerException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$ServiceImplApi23 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dn$x)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract getMediaItem(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompatApi23$ItemCallback)

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sl)
===============================================================================
  a                public getExtras()
  eval_f           public getMediaDescription()
  eval_h           public static fromMediaDescription(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q           public getMediaUri()
  f                public getSubtitle()
  h                public getMediaId()
  m                public getIconBitmap()
  u                public getDescription()
  w                public getTitle()
  x                public getIconUri()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sl$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$Builder  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sl$b)
===============================================================================
  b    public setDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  c    public build()
  f    public setIconBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  l    public setMediaUri(android.net.Uri)
  m    public setMediaId(java.lang.String)
  q    public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  r    public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y    public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  z    public setIconUri(android.net.Uri)

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rk)
===============================================================================
  j    public static fromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  k    public static getSubtitle(java.lang.Object)
  n    public static writeToParcel(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcel,int)
  o    public static getIconUri(java.lang.Object)
  p    public static getIconBitmap(java.lang.Object)
  q    public static getDescription(java.lang.Object)
  r    public static getExtras(java.lang.Object)
  t    public static getMediaId(java.lang.Object)
  w    public static getTitle(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21$Builder     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rk$c)
===============================================================================
  b    public static setDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  c    public static build(java.lang.Object)
  c    public static setSubtitle(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  d    public static setTitle(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  h    public static newInstance()
  k    public static setIconBitmap(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  q    public static setMediaId(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  r    public static setIconUri(java.lang.Object,android.net.Uri)
  v    public static setExtras(java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi23     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ds)
===============================================================================
  eval_f   public static getMediaUri(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi23$Builder     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ds$r)
===============================================================================
  y    public static setMediaUri(java.lang.Object,android.net.Uri)

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi23$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qa)
===============================================================================
  b                public static fromMediaMetadata(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o           public getLong(java.lang.String)
  f                public getBundle()
  i                public size()
  k                public containsKey(java.lang.String)
  q                static access$100(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  r                public getString(java.lang.String)
  s                public getDescription()
  t                static access$200()
  t                public getBitmap(java.lang.String)
  v                public getMediaMetadata()
  v                public getText(java.lang.String)
  y                public getRating(java.lang.String)
  z                public keySet()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qa$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$BitmapKey   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qa$l)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$Builder     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qa$x)
===============================================================================
  b    public putText(java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence)
  i    public putBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  i    public putLong(java.lang.String,long)
  j    public putRating(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  k    public build()
  s    public putString(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$LongKey     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qa$h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$RatingKey   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qa$y)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$TextKey     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qa$d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l7)
===============================================================================
  d    public static keySet(java.lang.Object)
  d    public static getRating(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  j    public static getBitmap(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  k    public static getText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  n    public static writeToParcel(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcel,int)
  q    public static getLong(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  w    public static createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21$Builder        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l7$c)
===============================================================================
  g    public static putLong(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,long)
  h    public static newInstance()
  h    public static putString(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  j    public static putRating(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
  s    public static build(java.lang.Object)
  t    public static putBitmap(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  z    public static putText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.ParceledListSliceAdapterApi21   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ie)
===============================================================================
  w    static newInstance(java.util.List)

android.support.v4.media.ParceledListSliceAdapterApi21$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f6)
===============================================================================
  a                public hasHeart()
  d                public isRated()
  h                public static newUnratedRating(int)
  j                public getStarRating()
  j                public static newHeartRating(boolean)
  l                public getRating()
  m                public static newStarRating(int,float)
  o                public getRatingStyle()
  o                public static newThumbRating(boolean)
  s                public isThumbUp()
  u                public static newPercentageRating(float)
  x                public static fromRating(java.lang.Object)
  y                public getPercentRating()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f6$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_we)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$StarStyle  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f6$h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$Style      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f6$y)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompatApi21       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gf)
===============================================================================
  eval_d   public static isThumbUp(java.lang.Object)
  eval_h   public static getRatingStyle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public static getStarRating(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static newStarRating(int,float)
  k        public static isRated(java.lang.Object)
  m        public static hasHeart(java.lang.Object)
  r        public static newHeartRating(boolean)
  t        public static newUnratedRating(int)
  t        public static getPercentRating(java.lang.Object)
  u        public static newPercentageRating(float)
  z        public static newThumbRating(boolean)

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompatApi21$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportController     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m4)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getCurrentPosition()
  a        public abstract seekTo(long)
  b        public abstract pausePlaying()
  e        public abstract getBufferPercentage()
  eval_q   public abstract unregisterStateListener(android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener)
  eval_v   public abstract getDuration()
  n        public abstract startPlaying()
  p        public abstract getTransportControlFlags()
  q        public abstract registerStateListener(android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener)
  s        public abstract isPlaying()
  z        public abstract stopPlaying()

android.support.v4.media.TransportController$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yo)
===============================================================================
  a        public getCurrentPosition()
  a        public seekTo(long)
  b        public pausePlaying()
  c        private getListeners()
  e        public getBufferPercentage()
  eval_f   private pushControllerState()
  eval_q   public unregisterStateListener(android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener)
  eval_r   private reportPlayingChanged()
  eval_v   public getDuration()
  h        public destroy()
  i        public refreshState()
  k        public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  n        public startPlaying()
  p        public getTransportControlFlags()
  p        static isMediaKey(int)
  q        private reportTransportControlsChanged()
  q        public registerStateListener(android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener)
  r        public getRemoteControlClient()
  s        public isPlaying()
  z        public stopPlaying()

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yo$1)
===============================================================================
  eval_p   public getPlaybackPosition()
  i        public playbackPositionUpdate(long)
  p        public handleAudioFocusChange(int)
  y        public handleKey(android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$2     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yo$2)
===============================================================================
  onKeyDown        public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyLongPress   public onKeyLongPress(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyMultiple    public onKeyMultiple(int,int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyUp          public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorCallback       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ho)
===============================================================================
  eval_p   public abstract getPlaybackPosition()
  i        public abstract playbackPositionUpdate(long)
  p        public abstract handleAudioFocusChange(int)
  y        public abstract handleKey(android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorCallback$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qk)
===============================================================================
  a        windowDetached()
  e        windowAttached()
  eval_t   takeAudioFocus()
  f        gainFocus()
  j        public pausePlaying()
  l        public refreshState(boolean,long,int)
  o        loseFocus()
  p        public stopPlaying()
  q        public destroy()
  u        public startPlaying()
  x        dropAudioFocus()
  z        public getRemoteControlClient()

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qk$1)
===============================================================================
  onWindowAttached public onWindowAttached()
  onWindowDetached public onWindowDetached()

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$2 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qk$2)
===============================================================================
  onWindowFocusChanged public onWindowFocusChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$3 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qk$3)
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$4 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qk$4)
===============================================================================
  onAudioFocusChange   public onAudioFocusChange(int)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$5 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qk$5)
===============================================================================
  onGetPlaybackPosition    public onGetPlaybackPosition()

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$6 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qk$6)
===============================================================================
  onPlaybackPositionUpdate public onPlaybackPositionUpdate(long)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ut)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportPerformer      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mb)
===============================================================================
  b        public onGetTransportControlFlags()
  c        public abstract onStart()
  c        public onAudioFocusChange(int)
  eval_g   public abstract onIsPlaying()
  eval_n   public onGetBufferPercentage()
  f        public abstract onGetDuration()
  k        public onMediaButtonUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  m        public abstract onStop()
  m        public onMediaButtonDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  p        public abstract onSeekTo(long)
  s        public abstract onGetCurrentPosition()
  x        public abstract onPause()

android.support.v4.media.TransportPerformer$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ik)
===============================================================================
  eval_f   public onTransportControlsChanged(android.support.v4.media.TransportController)
  o        public onPlayingChanged(android.support.v4.media.TransportController)

android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bg)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAdjustVolume(int)
  f    public getVolumeProvider()
  f    public onSetVolumeTo(int)
  i    public final getCurrentVolume()
  r    public final getMaxVolume()
  y    public final getVolumeControl()
  y    public final setCurrentVolume(int)
  z    public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$Callback)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bg$1)
===============================================================================
  c    public onAdjustVolume(int)
  l    public onSetVolumeTo(int)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$Callback   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bg$z)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onVolumeChanged(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$ControlType        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bg$s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fj)
===============================================================================
  r    public static setCurrentVolume(java.lang.Object,int)
  x    public static createVolumeProvider(int,int,int,android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$Delegate)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fj$1)
===============================================================================
  onAdjustVolume   public onAdjustVolume(int)
  onSetVolumeTo    public onSetVolumeTo(int)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$Delegate      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fj$a)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract onAdjustVolume(int)
  l    public abstract onSetVolumeTo(int)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yg)
===============================================================================
  eval_v   public abstract onExtrasChanged(android.os.Bundle)
  g        public abstract onMetadataChanged(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  l        public abstract onPlaybackStateChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  m        public abstract onEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  r        public abstract onVolumeInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  r        public abstract onQueueTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v        public abstract onQueueChanged(java.util.List)
  z        public abstract onSessionDestroyed()

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yg$m)
===============================================================================
  eval_v       public abstract onExtrasChanged(android.os.Bundle)
  g            public abstract onMetadataChanged(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  l            public abstract onPlaybackStateChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  m            public abstract onEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  r            public abstract onVolumeInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  r            public abstract onQueueTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v            public abstract onQueueChanged(java.util.List)
  z            public abstract onSessionDestroyed()
  z            public static asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
  asBinder     public asBinder()
  onTransact   public onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub$ParseException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub$Proxy     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yg$m$c)
===============================================================================
  eval_v   public onExtrasChanged(android.os.Bundle)
  g        public onMetadataChanged(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  l        public onPlaybackStateChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  m        public onEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  r        public onVolumeInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  r        public onQueueTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v        public getInterfaceDescriptor()
  v        public onQueueChanged(java.util.List)
  z        public onSessionDestroyed()
  asBinder public asBinder()

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mw)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  c        public abstract getLaunchPendingIntent()
  c        public abstract sendMediaButton(android.view.KeyEvent)
  e        public abstract playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_g   public abstract getQueueTitle()
  eval_j   public abstract pause()
  eval_k   public abstract fastForward()
  eval_l   public abstract getExtras()
  eval_o   public abstract getQueue()
  eval_p   public abstract getRatingType()
  eval_t   public abstract stop()
  eval_u   public abstract next()
  eval_z   public abstract getMetadata()
  g        public abstract previous()
  h        public abstract adjustVolume(int,int,java.lang.String)
  h        public abstract skipToQueueItem(long)
  j        public abstract rate(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  l        public abstract setVolumeTo(int,int,java.lang.String)
  n        public abstract isTransportControlEnabled()
  o        public abstract getPlaybackState()
  o        public abstract unregisterCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  o        public abstract sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  p        public abstract getFlags()
  p        public abstract playFromUri(android.net.Uri,android.os.Bundle)
  q        public abstract getTag()
  r        public abstract registerCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  t        public abstract rewind()
  u        public abstract play()
  u        public abstract sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper)
  w        public abstract getVolumeAttributes()
  x        public abstract getPackageName()
  x        public abstract seekTo(long)

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mw$n)
===============================================================================
  b            public abstract playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  c            public abstract getLaunchPendingIntent()
  c            public abstract sendMediaButton(android.view.KeyEvent)
  e            public abstract playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_g       public abstract getQueueTitle()
  eval_j       public abstract pause()
  eval_k       public abstract fastForward()
  eval_l       public abstract getExtras()
  eval_o       public abstract getQueue()
  eval_p       public abstract getRatingType()
  eval_t       public abstract stop()
  eval_u       public abstract next()
  eval_z       public abstract getMetadata()
  g            public abstract previous()
  h            public abstract adjustVolume(int,int,java.lang.String)
  h            public abstract skipToQueueItem(long)
  j            public abstract rate(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  k            public static asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
  l            public abstract setVolumeTo(int,int,java.lang.String)
  n            public abstract isTransportControlEnabled()
  o            public abstract getPlaybackState()
  o            public abstract unregisterCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  o            public abstract sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  p            public abstract getFlags()
  p            public abstract playFromUri(android.net.Uri,android.os.Bundle)
  q            public abstract getTag()
  r            public abstract registerCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  t            public abstract rewind()
  u            public abstract play()
  u            public abstract sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper)
  w            public abstract getVolumeAttributes()
  x            public abstract getPackageName()
  x            public abstract seekTo(long)
  asBinder     public asBinder()
  onTransact   public onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ix)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub$Proxy        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mw$n$o)
===============================================================================
  b        public playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  c        public getLaunchPendingIntent()
  c        public sendMediaButton(android.view.KeyEvent)
  e        public playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_g   public getQueueTitle()
  eval_j   public pause()
  eval_k   public fastForward()
  eval_l   public getExtras()
  eval_o   public getQueue()
  eval_p   public getRatingType()
  eval_t   public stop()
  eval_u   public next()
  eval_z   public getMetadata()
  g        public previous()
  h        public adjustVolume(int,int,java.lang.String)
  h        public skipToQueueItem(long)
  j        public rate(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  l        public setVolumeTo(int,int,java.lang.String)
  n        public isTransportControlEnabled()
  o        public getPlaybackState()
  o        public unregisterCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  o        public sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  p        public getFlags()
  p        public playFromUri(android.net.Uri,android.os.Bundle)
  q        public getTag()
  r        public registerCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  t        public rewind()
  u        public play()
  u        public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper)
  w        public getVolumeAttributes()
  x        public getPackageName()
  x        public seekTo(long)
  y        public getInterfaceDescriptor()
  asBinder public asBinder()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaButtonReceiver     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i3)
===============================================================================
  p            public static handleIntent(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat,android.content.Intent)
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaButtonReceiver$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ob)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5)
===============================================================================
  a        public getExtras()
  c        public registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  d        public unregisterCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  e        public getQueueTitle()
  e        public dispatchMediaButtonEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  eval__   public getSessionActivity()
  eval_e   public getPlaybackInfo()
  eval_h   public getMetadata()
  eval_l   public getPackageName()
  eval_n   public getSessionToken()
  h        public getPlaybackState()
  l        public getRatingType()
  m        public getFlags()
  m        public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  o        public getQueue()
  s        public getMediaController()
  s        public adjustVolume(int,int)
  u        public getTransportControls()
  w        public setVolumeTo(int,int)
  y        public registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$z)
===============================================================================
  b            public onSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  b            public onQueueChanged(java.util.List)
  e            public onPlaybackStateChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  h            static access$302(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,boolean)
  j            static access$300(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  j            static access$500(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  k            static access$200(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  m            public onExtrasChanged(android.os.Bundle)
  o            public onQueueTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p            private setHandler(android.os.Handler)
  r            public onAudioInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$PlaybackInfo)
  s            static access$400(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  v            public onMetadataChanged(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  x            public onSessionDestroyed()
  binderDied   public binderDied()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$IOException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$MessageHandler   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$z$f)
===============================================================================
  u                public post(int,java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$StubApi21        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$z$d)
===============================================================================
  e        public onPlaybackStateChanged(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public onSessionDestroyed()
  w        public onMetadataChanged(java.lang.Object)
  z        public onSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$StubCompat       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$z$r)
===============================================================================
  eval_v   public onExtrasChanged(android.os.Bundle)
  g        public onMetadataChanged(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  l        public onPlaybackStateChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  m        public onEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  r        public onVolumeInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  r        public onQueueTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v        public onQueueChanged(java.util.List)
  z        public onSessionDestroyed()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$e)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract adjustVolume(int,int)
  d        public abstract getMediaController()
  eval_d   public abstract dispatchMediaButtonEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  eval_k   public abstract getPlaybackState()
  g        public abstract getQueue()
  h        public abstract getExtras()
  h        public abstract setVolumeTo(int,int)
  j        public abstract getPackageName()
  l        public abstract getSessionActivity()
  n        public abstract getPlaybackInfo()
  o        public abstract sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  p        public abstract getTransportControls()
  t        public abstract getRatingType()
  u        public abstract getMetadata()
  v        public abstract unregisterCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  v        public abstract registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  x        public abstract getQueueTitle()
  y        public abstract getFlags()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplApi21  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$n)
===============================================================================
  b        public adjustVolume(int,int)
  d        public getMediaController()
  eval_d   public dispatchMediaButtonEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  eval_k   public getPlaybackState()
  g        public getQueue()
  h        public getExtras()
  h        public setVolumeTo(int,int)
  j        public getPackageName()
  l        public getSessionActivity()
  n        public getPlaybackInfo()
  o        public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  p        public getTransportControls()
  t        public getRatingType()
  u        public getMetadata()
  v        public unregisterCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  v        public registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  x        public getQueueTitle()
  y        public getFlags()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplApi23  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$eval__)
===============================================================================
  p    public getTransportControls()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplBase   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$t)
===============================================================================
  b        public adjustVolume(int,int)
  d        public getMediaController()
  eval_d   public dispatchMediaButtonEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  eval_k   public getPlaybackState()
  g        public getQueue()
  h        public getExtras()
  h        public setVolumeTo(int,int)
  j        public getPackageName()
  l        public getSessionActivity()
  n        public getPlaybackInfo()
  o        public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  p        public getTransportControls()
  t        public getRatingType()
  u        public getMetadata()
  v        public unregisterCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  v        public registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  x        public getQueueTitle()
  y        public getFlags()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$PlaybackInfo      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$eval_j)
===============================================================================
  b    public getCurrentVolume()
  c    public getVolumeControl()
  j    public getMaxVolume()
  r    public getAudioStream()
  v    public getPlaybackType()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControls (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$w)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  b        public abstract seekTo(long)
  d        public abstract fastForward()
  eval_l   public abstract pause()
  f        public abstract skipToQueueItem(long)
  j        public abstract setRating(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  j        public abstract sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  m        public abstract playFromUri(android.net.Uri,android.os.Bundle)
  r        public abstract stop()
  r        public abstract sendCustomAction(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction,android.os.Bundle)
  t        public abstract playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  v        public abstract skipToPrevious()
  x        public abstract skipToNext()
  y        public abstract play()
  z        public abstract rewind()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControlsApi21    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$g)
===============================================================================
  b        public playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  b        public seekTo(long)
  d        public fastForward()
  eval_l   public pause()
  f        public skipToQueueItem(long)
  j        public setRating(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  j        public sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  m        public playFromUri(android.net.Uri,android.os.Bundle)
  r        public stop()
  r        public sendCustomAction(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction,android.os.Bundle)
  t        public playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  v        public skipToPrevious()
  x        public skipToNext()
  y        public play()
  z        public rewind()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControlsApi23    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$r)
===============================================================================
  m    public playFromUri(android.net.Uri,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControlsBase     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__5$p)
===============================================================================
  b        public playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  b        public seekTo(long)
  d        public fastForward()
  eval_l   public pause()
  f        public skipToQueueItem(long)
  j        public setRating(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  j        public sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  m        public playFromUri(android.net.Uri,android.os.Bundle)
  r        public stop()
  r        public sendCustomAction(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction,android.os.Bundle)
  t        public playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  v        public skipToPrevious()
  x        public skipToNext()
  y        public play()
  z        public rewind()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getPlaybackState(java.lang.Object)
  a        public static sendCommand(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  b        public static setVolumeTo(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  b        public static registerCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,android.os.Handler)
  d        public static getQueue(java.lang.Object)
  e        public static getRatingType(java.lang.Object)
  eval__   public static getSessionActivity(java.lang.Object)
  eval_t   public static getExtras(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static adjustVolume(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  g        public static getFlags(java.lang.Object)
  j        public static dispatchMediaButtonEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.KeyEvent)
  k        public static getMetadata(java.lang.Object)
  l        public static getQueueTitle(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  u        public static getPlaybackInfo(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static getTransportControls(java.lang.Object)
  w        public static fromToken(android.content.Context,java.lang.Object)
  z        public static createCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Callback)
  z        public static unregisterCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Callback     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1$p)
===============================================================================
  e        public abstract onPlaybackStateChanged(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public abstract onSessionDestroyed()
  w        public abstract onMetadataChanged(java.lang.Object)
  z        public abstract onSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$CallbackProxy        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1$g)
===============================================================================
  onMetadataChanged        public onMetadataChanged(android.media.MediaMetadata)
  onPlaybackStateChanged   public onPlaybackStateChanged(android.media.session.PlaybackState)
  onSessionDestroyed       public onSessionDestroyed()
  onSessionEvent           public onSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Exception    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$PlaybackInfo (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1$o)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getVolumeControl(java.lang.Object)
  e        public static getMaxVolume(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public static getAudioAttributes(java.lang.Object)
  k        private static toLegacyStreamType(android.media.AudioAttributes)
  l        public static getPlaybackType(java.lang.Object)
  n        public static getCurrentVolume(java.lang.Object)
  t        public static getLegacyAudioStream(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$TransportControls    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1$r)
===============================================================================
  a        public static playFromMediaId(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  c        public static stop(java.lang.Object)
  eval_g   public static playFromSearch(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_r   public static rewind(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static seekTo(java.lang.Object,long)
  l        public static skipToNext(java.lang.Object)
  n        public static fastForward(java.lang.Object)
  n        public static skipToQueueItem(java.lang.Object,long)
  q        public static skipToPrevious(java.lang.Object)
  s        public static play(java.lang.Object)
  u        public static setRating(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  w        public static sendCustomAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  z        public static pause(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi23      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi23$Exception    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ku)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi23$TransportControls    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sc$l)
===============================================================================
  w    public static playFromUri(java.lang.Object,android.net.Uri,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o)
===============================================================================
  a        public getController()
  a        public setSessionActivity(android.app.PendingIntent)
  c        public getRemoteControlClient()
  eval_n   public isActive()
  eval_t   public sendSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_y   public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback)
  g        public setRatingType(int)
  h        public getMediaSession()
  i        public setActive(boolean)
  i        public setQueue(java.util.List)
  j        public setPlaybackToLocal(int)
  j        public setQueueTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  k        public removeOnActiveChangeListener(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$OnActiveChangeListener)
  n        public setMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  n        public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  o        public static obtain(android.content.Context,java.lang.Object)
  q        public setPlaybackToRemote(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)
  q        public setPlaybackState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  r        public setMediaButtonReceiver(android.app.PendingIntent)
  s        public getSessionToken()
  v        public addOnActiveChangeListener(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$OnActiveChangeListener)
  w        public release()
  x        public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  z        public setFlags(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$o)
===============================================================================
  b        public onSkipToQueueItem(long)
  c        public onPlayFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  e        public onSkipToPrevious()
  e        public onPlayFromUri(android.net.Uri,android.os.Bundle)
  e        public onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  eval_h   public onStop()
  g        public onSkipToNext()
  i        public onSetRating(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  l        public onPause()
  m        public onPlay()
  p        public onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  r        public onPlayFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  w        public onRewind()
  x        public onSeekTo(long)
  y        public onFastForward()
  z        public onCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$NullPointerException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$StubApi21   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$o$p)
===============================================================================
  a        public onSkipToNext()
  b        public onSkipToQueueItem(long)
  e        public onSeekTo(long)
  eval_e   public onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  f        public onPlayFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  j        public onPlay()
  j        public onPlayFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  n        public onRewind()
  p        public onSkipToPrevious()
  q        public onStop()
  s        public onFastForward()
  t        public onSetRating(java.lang.Object)
  u        public onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  u        public onCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  w        public onPause()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$StubApi23   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$o$g)
===============================================================================
  eval_l   public onPlayFromUri(android.net.Uri,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$t)
===============================================================================
  d        public abstract setMediaButtonReceiver(android.app.PendingIntent)
  e        public abstract setActive(boolean)
  eval_w   public abstract getRemoteControlClient()
  f        public abstract release()
  g        public abstract setSessionActivity(android.app.PendingIntent)
  g        public abstract sendSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  h        public abstract setMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  l        public abstract setRatingType(int)
  n        public abstract getMediaSession()
  q        public abstract setPlaybackToRemote(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)
  q        public abstract setPlaybackToLocal(int)
  s        public abstract isActive()
  u        public abstract getSessionToken()
  u        public abstract setQueue(java.util.List)
  v        public abstract setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  v        public abstract setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  w        public abstract setPlaybackState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  z        public abstract setFlags(int)
  z        public abstract setQueueTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplApi21        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$f)
===============================================================================
  d        public setMediaButtonReceiver(android.app.PendingIntent)
  e        public setActive(boolean)
  eval_w   public getRemoteControlClient()
  f        public release()
  g        public setSessionActivity(android.app.PendingIntent)
  g        public sendSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  h        public setMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  l        public setRatingType(int)
  n        public getMediaSession()
  q        public setPlaybackToRemote(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)
  q        public setPlaybackToLocal(int)
  s        public isActive()
  u        public getSessionToken()
  u        public setQueue(java.util.List)
  v        public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  v        public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  w        public setPlaybackState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  z        public setFlags(int)
  z        public setQueueTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$u)
===============================================================================
  a        static access$1600(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  b        private sendVolumeInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  c        static access$1500(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  c        static access$1900(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase,int)
  c        private postToHandler(int)
  d        public setMediaButtonReceiver(android.app.PendingIntent)
  d        static access$1100(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  d        private postToHandler(int,java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  e        public setActive(boolean)
  eval_b   static access$2100(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  eval_d   static access$2700(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  eval_f   static access$1400(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  eval_k   static access$900(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  eval_r   static access$1200(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  eval_w   public getRemoteControlClient()
  eval_z   static access$2400(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  f        public release()
  g        public setSessionActivity(android.app.PendingIntent)
  g        static access$2300(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  g        public sendSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  h        public setMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  i        private cloneMetadataIfNeeded(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  i        static access$1800(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase,int,int)
  i        private sendQueueTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        static access$2500(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  j        private adjustVolume(int,int)
  k        static access$1000(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  k        private postToHandler(int,java.lang.Object)
  l        public setRatingType(int)
  l        private sendEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  m        static access$1700(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase,int,int)
  n        public getMediaSession()
  n        static access$2000(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase,int,java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  o        static access$700(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase,int,java.lang.Object)
  o        private sendQueue(java.util.List)
  p        static access$2600(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  q        private sendMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  q        public setPlaybackToRemote(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)
  q        static access$300(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  q        public setPlaybackToLocal(int)
  q        private setVolumeTo(int,int)
  s        public isActive()
  s        static access$2200(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  t        static access$400(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  t        static access$600(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase,android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  u        public getSessionToken()
  u        static access$500(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  u        private sendState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  u        public setQueue(java.util.List)
  v        private sendSessionDestroyed()
  v        public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  v        public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  w        private update()
  w        static access$1300(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  w        public setPlaybackState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  z        private getStateWithUpdatedPosition()
  z        static access$2800(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  z        public setFlags(int)
  z        public setQueueTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$u$1)
===============================================================================
  b    public onVolumeChanged(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$2       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$u$2)
===============================================================================
  e    public onSeekTo(long)
  t    public onSetRating(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$Command (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$u$x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$MediaSessionStub        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$u$n)
===============================================================================
  b        public playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  c        public getLaunchPendingIntent()
  c        public sendMediaButton(android.view.KeyEvent)
  e        public playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_g   public getQueueTitle()
  eval_j   public pause()
  eval_k   public fastForward()
  eval_l   public getExtras()
  eval_o   public getQueue()
  eval_p   public getRatingType()
  eval_t   public stop()
  eval_u   public next()
  eval_z   public getMetadata()
  g        public previous()
  h        public adjustVolume(int,int,java.lang.String)
  h        public skipToQueueItem(long)
  j        public rate(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  l        public setVolumeTo(int,int,java.lang.String)
  n        public isTransportControlEnabled()
  o        public getPlaybackState()
  o        public unregisterCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  o        public sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  p        public getFlags()
  p        public playFromUri(android.net.Uri,android.os.Bundle)
  q        public getTag()
  r        public registerCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  t        public rewind()
  u        public play()
  u        public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper)
  w        public getVolumeAttributes()
  x        public getPackageName()
  x        public seekTo(long)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$MessageHandler  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$u$eval_n)
===============================================================================
  g                public post(int,java.lang.Object,int)
  p                public post(int,java.lang.Object)
  q                public post(int)
  s                private onMediaButtonEvent(android.view.KeyEvent,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback)
  y                public post(int,java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$ParseException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$OnActiveChangeListener       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$a)
===============================================================================
  s    public abstract onActiveChanged()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$k)
===============================================================================
  f                public static obtain(java.lang.Object)
  p                public getQueueId()
  t                public getQueueItem()
  z                public getDescription()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$k$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$_)
===============================================================================
  q                static access$800(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$_$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper$IOException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$SessionFlags (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$eval_g)
===============================================================================
  d                public getToken()
  o                public static fromToken(java.lang.Object)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__o$eval_g$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k3)
===============================================================================
  b    public static registerRemoteControlClient(android.content.Context,java.lang.Object)
  b    public static setTransportControlFlags(java.lang.Object,long)
  c    static getRccTransportControlFlagsFromActions(long)
  m    public static unregisterRemoteControlClient(android.content.Context,java.lang.Object)
  n    static getRccStateFromState(int)
  p    public static createRemoteControlClient(android.app.PendingIntent)
  v    public static setMetadata(java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  w    static buildOldMetadata(android.os.Bundle,android.media.RemoteControlClient$MetadataEditor)
  x    public static setState(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vk)
===============================================================================
  d    public static unregisterMediaButtonEventReceiver(android.content.Context,android.app.PendingIntent,android.content.ComponentName)
  n    public static registerMediaButtonEventReceiver(android.content.Context,android.app.PendingIntent,android.content.ComponentName)
  p    public static setState(java.lang.Object,int,long,float,long)
  t    public static setTransportControlFlags(java.lang.Object,long)
  v    public static createPlaybackPositionUpdateListener(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18$Callback)
  w    static getRccTransportControlFlagsFromActions(long)
  z    public static setOnPlaybackPositionUpdateListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18$Callback        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vk$q)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract onSeekTo(long)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18$OnPlaybackPositionUpdateListener        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vk$x)
===============================================================================
  onPlaybackPositionUpdate public onPlaybackPositionUpdate(long)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dj)
===============================================================================
  d    static getRccTransportControlFlagsFromActions(long)
  g    public static setOnMetadataUpdateListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  h    public static setTransportControlFlags(java.lang.Object,long)
  r    static addNewMetadata(android.os.Bundle,android.media.RemoteControlClient$MetadataEditor)
  t    public static setMetadata(java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle,long)
  v    public static createMetadataUpdateListener(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19$Callback)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19$Callback        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dj$z)
===============================================================================
  t    public abstract onSetRating(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19$OnMetadataUpdateListener        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dj$u)
===============================================================================
  onMetadataUpdate public onMetadataUpdate(int,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ht)
===============================================================================
  b        public static setQueueTitle(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  c        public static createSession(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  c        public static setMediaButtonReceiver(java.lang.Object,android.app.PendingIntent)
  d        public static setExtras(java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_u   public static release(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static setCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,android.os.Handler)
  f        public static sendSessionEvent(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  i        public static setQueue(java.lang.Object,java.util.List)
  j        public static setPlaybackToRemote(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  k        public static verifySession(java.lang.Object)
  l        public static setActive(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  m        public static setMetadata(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  o        public static setPlaybackState(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  p        public static isActive(java.lang.Object)
  q        public static createCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$Callback)
  q        public static verifyToken(java.lang.Object)
  r        public static setFlags(java.lang.Object,int)
  u        public static getSessionToken(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static setSessionActivity(java.lang.Object,android.app.PendingIntent)
  w        public static setPlaybackToLocal(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$Callback        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ht$b)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract onSkipToNext()
  b        public abstract onSkipToQueueItem(long)
  eval_e   public abstract onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  f        public abstract onPlayFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  j        public abstract onPlay()
  j        public abstract onPlayFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  n        public abstract onRewind()
  p        public abstract onSkipToPrevious()
  q        public abstract onStop()
  s        public abstract onFastForward()
  u        public abstract onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  u        public abstract onCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  w        public abstract onPause()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$CallbackProxy   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ht$g)
===============================================================================
  onCommand            public onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  onCustomAction       public onCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  onFastForward        public onFastForward()
  onMediaButtonEvent   public onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  onPause              public onPause()
  onPlay               public onPlay()
  onPlayFromMediaId    public onPlayFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  onPlayFromSearch     public onPlayFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  onRewind             public onRewind()
  onSeekTo             public onSeekTo(long)
  onSetRating          public onSetRating(android.media.Rating)
  onSkipToNext         public onSkipToNext()
  onSkipToPrevious     public onSkipToPrevious()
  onSkipToQueueItem    public onSkipToQueueItem(long)
  onStop               public onStop()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$QueueItem       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ht$eval_r)
===============================================================================
  b    public static getDescription(java.lang.Object)
  f    public static getQueueId(java.lang.Object)
  p    public static createItem(java.lang.Object,long)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi22 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4)
===============================================================================
  p    public static setRatingType(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi22$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ri)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi23 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o1)
===============================================================================
  d    public static createCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi23$Callback)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi23$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi23$Callback        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o1$t)
===============================================================================
  eval_l   public abstract onPlayFromUri(android.net.Uri,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi23$CallbackProxy   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o1$i)
===============================================================================
  onPlayFromUri    public onPlayFromUri(android.net.Uri,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi8  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n7)
===============================================================================
  j    public static unregisterMediaButtonEventReceiver(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName)
  p    public static registerMediaButtonEventReceiver(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi8$NullPointerException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_za)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fa)
===============================================================================
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fa$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wx)
===============================================================================
  a                public getCustomActions()
  b                public getPosition()
  d                static access$600(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  eval_a           public getPlaybackState()
  eval_b           static access$700(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  eval_x           public getActiveQueueItemId()
  h                static access$1200(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  i                static access$400(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  j                static access$1100(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  k                static access$800(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  l                static access$500(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  p                public getPlaybackSpeed()
  q                public getBufferedPosition()
  r                public static fromPlaybackState(java.lang.Object)
  t                public getState()
  u                public getExtras()
  u                static access$300(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  v                public getLastPositionUpdateTime()
  w                static access$900(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  x                public getActions()
  y                static access$1000(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  z                public getErrorMessage()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wx$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$Actions     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wx$w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$Builder     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wx$g)
===============================================================================
  eval_n   public setActiveQueueItemId(long)
  f        public setState(int,long,float)
  k        public build()
  l        public setErrorMessage(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public setActions(long)
  r        public addCustomAction(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
  r        public setBufferedPosition(long)
  u        public addCustomAction(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction)
  x        public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  z        public setState(int,long,float,long)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wx$e)
===============================================================================
  b                public getName()
  d                public getExtras()
  f                public static fromCustomAction(java.lang.Object)
  h                public getCustomAction()
  l                public getAction()
  w                public getIcon()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wx$e$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$Builder        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wx$e$k)
===============================================================================
  n    public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  t    public build()

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$NullPointerException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$State       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wx$m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__i)
===============================================================================
  a        public static newInstance(int,long,long,float,long,java.lang.CharSequence,long,java.util.List,long)
  eval_g   public static getActiveQueueItemId(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static getLastPositionUpdateTime(java.lang.Object)
  h        public static getCustomActions(java.lang.Object)
  i        public static getBufferedPosition(java.lang.Object)
  j        public static getState(java.lang.Object)
  m        public static getActions(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static getErrorMessage(java.lang.Object)
  q        public static getPosition(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static getPlaybackSpeed(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21$CustomAction   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__i$_)
===============================================================================
  b        public static getName(java.lang.Object)
  e        public static getAction(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public static getIcon(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static newInstance(java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence,int,android.os.Bundle)
  m        public static getExtras(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hs)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi22        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yy)
===============================================================================
  h    public static getExtras(java.lang.Object)
  q    public static newInstance(int,long,long,float,long,java.lang.CharSequence,long,java.util.List,long,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi22$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qj)
===============================================================================
  d    public static isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)
  s    public static getNetworkInfoFromBroadcast(android.net.ConnectivityManager,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$BaseConnectivityManagerCompatImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qj$r)
===============================================================================
  eval_w   public isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$ConnectivityManagerCompatImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qj$e)
===============================================================================
  eval_w   public abstract isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$GingerbreadConnectivityManagerCompatImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qj$i)
===============================================================================
  eval_w   public isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$HoneycombMR2ConnectivityManagerCompatImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qj$k)
===============================================================================
  eval_w   public isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$JellyBeanConnectivityManagerCompatImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qj$m)
===============================================================================
  eval_w   public isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatGingerbread      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eh)
===============================================================================
  eval_s   public static isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatGingerbread$Exception    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatHoneycombMR2     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ok)
===============================================================================
  f    public static isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatHoneycombMR2$NullPointerException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatJellyBean        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kw)
===============================================================================
  a    public static isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatJellyBean$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rr)
===============================================================================
  e        public static setThreadStatsTag(int)
  eval_t   public static incrementOperationCount(int)
  k        public static getThreadStatsTag()
  k        public static tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  l        public static incrementOperationCount(int,int)
  m        public static clearThreadStatsTag()
  o        public static untagSocket(java.net.Socket)

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rr$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rr$r)
===============================================================================
  c    public incrementOperationCount(int,int)
  g    public clearThreadStatsTag()
  j    public setThreadStatsTag(int)
  m    public getThreadStatsTag()
  n    public tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  t    public incrementOperationCount(int)
  x    public untagSocket(java.net.Socket)

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rr$r$1)
===============================================================================
  initialValue protected initialValue()
  initialValue protected volatile initialValue()

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$IOException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$SocketTags  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rr$r$h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$IcsTrafficStatsCompatImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rr$f)
===============================================================================
  c    public incrementOperationCount(int,int)
  g    public clearThreadStatsTag()
  j    public setThreadStatsTag(int)
  m    public getThreadStatsTag()
  n    public tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  t    public incrementOperationCount(int)
  x    public untagSocket(java.net.Socket)

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$TrafficStatsCompatImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rr$_)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract incrementOperationCount(int,int)
  g    public abstract clearThreadStatsTag()
  j    public abstract setThreadStatsTag(int)
  m    public abstract getThreadStatsTag()
  n    public abstract tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  t    public abstract incrementOperationCount(int)
  x    public abstract untagSocket(java.net.Socket)

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompatIcs     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_up)
===============================================================================
  b    public static tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  e    public static untagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  j    public static incrementOperationCount(int)
  l    public static getThreadStatsTag()
  n    public static setThreadStatsTag(int)
  p    public static incrementOperationCount(int,int)
  v    public static clearThreadStatsTag()

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompatIcs$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompat    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zb)
===============================================================================
  s    public static transient executeParallel(android.os.AsyncTask,java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompat$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompatHoneycomb   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bf)
===============================================================================
  h    static transient executeParallel(android.os.AsyncTask,java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_or)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignal (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_se)
===============================================================================
  eval_j   private waitForCancelFinishedLocked()
  g        public isCanceled()
  h        public setOnCancelListener(android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignal$OnCancelListener)
  i        public cancel()
  k        public getCancellationSignalObject()
  l        public throwIfCanceled()

android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignal$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignal$OnCancelListener        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_se$p)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onCancel()

android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignalCompatJellybean  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jv)
===============================================================================
  g    public static cancel(java.lang.Object)
  i    public static create()

android.support.v4.os.CancellationSignalCompatJellybean$NullPointerException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompat  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__u)
===============================================================================
  d    public static getStorageState(java.io.File)

android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompat$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ec)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompatKitKat    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pq)
===============================================================================
  j    public static getStorageState(java.io.File)

android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompatKitKat$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ap)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.IResultReceiver    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gb)
===============================================================================
  y    public abstract send(int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.os.IResultReceiver$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.IResultReceiver$Stub       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gb$o)
===============================================================================
  h            public static asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
  y            public abstract send(int,android.os.Bundle)
  asBinder     public asBinder()
  onTransact   public onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.os.IResultReceiver$Stub$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_db)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.IResultReceiver$Stub$Proxy (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gb$o$p)
===============================================================================
  t        public getInterfaceDescriptor()
  y        public send(int,android.os.Bundle)
  asBinder public asBinder()

android.support.v4.os.OperationCanceledException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.OperationCanceledException$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lb)
===============================================================================
  h    public static newCreator(android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat$CompatCreator     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lb$o)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c2)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract newArray(int)
  v    public abstract createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ae)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ei)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  newArray         public newArray(int)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2Stub    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fq)
===============================================================================
  a    static instantiate(android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2Stub$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eu)
===============================================================================
  b                public send(int,android.os.Bundle)
  h                protected onReceiveResult(int,android.os.Bundle)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eu$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver$MyResultReceiver    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eu$g)
===============================================================================
  y    public send(int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver$MyRunnable  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eu$m)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.os.TraceCompat        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w5)
===============================================================================
  b    public static beginSection(java.lang.String)
  c    public static endSection()

android.support.v4.os.TraceCompat$IOException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.TraceJellybeanMR2  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ow)
===============================================================================
  j    public static beginSection(java.lang.String)
  k    public static endSection()

android.support.v4.os.TraceJellybeanMR2$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n3)
===============================================================================
  b    public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  l    public setOrientation(int)
  m    public getScaleMode()
  n    public getOrientation()
  q    public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  s    public getColorMode()
  t    public static systemSupportsPrint()
  v    public setScaleMode(int)
  v    public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri)
  y    public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  z    public setColorMode(int)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n3$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zs)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n3$z)
===============================================================================
  r    public abstract onFinish()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n3$eval_l)
===============================================================================
  i    public getScaleMode()
  i    public setColorMode(int)
  j    public setScaleMode(int)
  k    public getColorMode()
  l    public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  o    public setOrientation(int)
  s    public getOrientation()
  y    public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n3$eval_l$1)
===============================================================================
  o    public onFinish()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$2     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n3$eval_l$2)
===============================================================================
  o    public onFinish()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$IOException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperStubImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n3$_)
===============================================================================
  i    public getScaleMode()
  i    public setColorMode(int)
  j    public setScaleMode(int)
  k    public getColorMode()
  l    public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  o    public setOrientation(int)
  s    public getOrientation()
  y    public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperVersionImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n3$f)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract getScaleMode()
  i    public abstract setColorMode(int)
  j    public abstract setScaleMode(int)
  k    public abstract getColorMode()
  l    public abstract printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  o    public abstract setOrientation(int)
  s    public abstract getOrientation()
  y    public abstract printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fm)
===============================================================================
  c        public getOrientation()
  d        static access$000(android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat,android.graphics.Bitmap,int)
  e        private convertBitmapForColorMode(android.graphics.Bitmap,int)
  e        private loadBitmap(android.net.Uri,android.graphics.BitmapFactory$Options)
  eval_g   public setColorMode(int)
  i        public getColorMode()
  i        static access$300(android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat,android.net.Uri,int)
  m        public getScaleMode()
  m        private getMatrix(int,int,android.graphics.RectF,int)
  n        static access$100(android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat,int,int,android.graphics.RectF,int)
  n        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  o        public setOrientation(int)
  q        private loadConstrainedBitmap(android.net.Uri,int)
  r        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  s        public setScaleMode(int)
  x        static access$400(android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fm$1)
===============================================================================
  onFinish public onFinish()
  onLayout public onLayout(android.print.PrintAttributes,android.print.PrintAttributes,android.os.CancellationSignal,android.print.PrintDocumentAdapter$LayoutResultCallback,android.os.Bundle)
  onWrite  public onWrite(android.print.PageRange[],android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor,android.os.CancellationSignal,android.print.PrintDocumentAdapter$WriteResultCallback)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fm$2)
===============================================================================
  k        private cancelLoad()
  r        static access$200(android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2)
  onFinish public onFinish()
  onLayout public onLayout(android.print.PrintAttributes,android.print.PrintAttributes,android.os.CancellationSignal,android.print.PrintDocumentAdapter$LayoutResultCallback,android.os.Bundle)
  onWrite  public onWrite(android.print.PageRange[],android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor,android.os.CancellationSignal,android.print.PrintDocumentAdapter$WriteResultCallback)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fm$2$1)
===============================================================================
  eval_v           protected onCancelled(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  g                protected onPostExecute(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  k                protected transient doInBackground(android.net.Uri[])
  doInBackground   protected volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  onCancelled      protected volatile onCancelled(java.lang.Object)
  onPostExecute    protected volatile onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
  onPreExecute     protected onPreExecute()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fm$2$1$1)
===============================================================================
  onCancel public onCancel()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$OnPrintFinishCallback (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fm$a)
===============================================================================
  o    public abstract onFinish()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentFile (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m7)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract getName()
  eval_h   public abstract canWrite()
  eval_p   public abstract listFiles()
  eval_y   public abstract exists()
  eval_z   public static isDocumentUri(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  g        public abstract isFile()
  g        public static fromFile(java.io.File)
  h        public abstract getUri()
  j        public abstract delete()
  k        public findFile(java.lang.String)
  l        public abstract length()
  m        public abstract canRead()
  o        public abstract createDirectory(java.lang.String)
  q        public abstract getType()
  r        public abstract lastModified()
  r        public abstract renameTo(java.lang.String)
  s        public abstract isDirectory()
  t        public getParentFile()
  w        public static fromSingleUri(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  w        public abstract createFile(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  y        public static fromTreeUri(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentFile$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi19       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_km)
===============================================================================
  b        private static queryForString(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  b        private static queryForLong(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,long)
  e        public static canRead(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  eval_l   public static exists(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  g        public static canWrite(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  h        public static isFile(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  i        public static isDirectory(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  n        private static queryForInt(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,int)
  q        private static getRawType(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  r        public static length(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  u        public static delete(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  u        private static closeQuietly(java.lang.AutoCloseable)
  v        public static isDocumentUri(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  w        public static lastModified(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  x        public static getName(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  z        public static getType(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi19$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi21       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g9)
===============================================================================
  a    public static renameTo(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String)
  c    public static createDirectory(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String)
  f    private static closeQuietly(java.lang.AutoCloseable)
  k    public static listFiles(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  o    public static createFile(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  t    public static prepareTreeUri(android.net.Uri)

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi21$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.RawDocumentFile      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_no)
===============================================================================
  b        private static deleteContents(java.io.File)
  c        public getName()
  eval_h   public canWrite()
  eval_p   public listFiles()
  eval_y   public exists()
  g        public isFile()
  h        public getUri()
  j        public delete()
  l        public length()
  m        public canRead()
  o        public createDirectory(java.lang.String)
  q        public getType()
  r        public lastModified()
  r        public renameTo(java.lang.String)
  s        public isDirectory()
  u        private static getTypeForName(java.lang.String)
  w        public createFile(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.provider.RawDocumentFile$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.SingleDocumentFile   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vy)
===============================================================================
  c        public getName()
  eval_h   public canWrite()
  eval_p   public listFiles()
  eval_y   public exists()
  g        public isFile()
  h        public getUri()
  j        public delete()
  l        public length()
  m        public canRead()
  o        public createDirectory(java.lang.String)
  q        public getType()
  r        public lastModified()
  r        public renameTo(java.lang.String)
  s        public isDirectory()
  w        public createFile(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.provider.SingleDocumentFile$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.TreeDocumentFile     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_br)
===============================================================================
  c        public getName()
  eval_h   public canWrite()
  eval_p   public listFiles()
  eval_y   public exists()
  g        public isFile()
  h        public getUri()
  j        public delete()
  l        public length()
  m        public canRead()
  o        public createDirectory(java.lang.String)
  q        public getType()
  r        public lastModified()
  r        public renameTo(java.lang.String)
  s        public isDirectory()
  w        public createFile(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.provider.TreeDocumentFile$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICS    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_au)
===============================================================================
  a    static construct(android.content.Context,android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech$OnInitListener,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICS$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fv)
===============================================================================
  e    static setUtteranceProgressListener(android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech,android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$UtteranceProgressListenerICSMR1)
  e    static getFeatures(android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech,java.util.Locale)

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fv$1)
===============================================================================
  onDone   public onDone(java.lang.String)
  onError  public onError(java.lang.String)
  onStart  public onStart(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$2       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fv$2)
===============================================================================
  onUtteranceCompleted public onUtteranceCompleted(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$UtteranceProgressListenerICSMR1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fv$i)
===============================================================================
  d        public abstract onDone(java.lang.String)
  eval_i   public abstract onError(java.lang.String)
  n        public abstract onStart(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kb)
===============================================================================
  a    public isRtl(java.lang.String)
  b    public static getInstance()
  d    static access$100()
  d    private markAfter(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat)
  f    public unicodeWrap(java.lang.String,boolean)
  g    public getStereoReset()
  g    private static getExitDir(java.lang.String)
  j    public unicodeWrap(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat,boolean)
  k    static access$300()
  l    static access$200()
  l    public static getInstance(java.util.Locale)
  m    private static isRtlLocale(java.util.Locale)
  n    public isRtlContext()
  o    private markBefore(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat)
  p    public unicodeWrap(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat)
  q    public static getInstance(boolean)
  q    private static getEntryDir(java.lang.String)
  r    public unicodeWrap(java.lang.String)
  t    static access$000(java.util.Locale)

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kb$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$Builder    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kb$o)
===============================================================================
  eval_a   private static getDefaultInstanceFromContext(boolean)
  h        public build()
  k        private initialize(boolean)
  l        public setTextDirectionHeuristic(android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat)
  r        public stereoReset(boolean)

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$DirectionalityEstimator    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kb$l)
===============================================================================
  b        dirTypeForward()
  d        private skipEntityForward()
  eval_i   private skipTagBackward()
  i        getEntryDir()
  m        getExitDir()
  n        private skipTagForward()
  n        private static getCachedDirectionality(char)
  p        dirTypeBackward()
  v        private skipEntityBackward()

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ys)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gq)
===============================================================================
  r    public static maximizeAndGetScript(java.util.Locale)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gq$e)
===============================================================================
  o    public abstract maximizeAndGetScript(java.util.Locale)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplBase      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gq$t)
===============================================================================
  o    public maximizeAndGetScript(java.util.Locale)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplIcs       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gq$s)
===============================================================================
  o    public maximizeAndGetScript(java.util.Locale)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplLollipop  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gq$f)
===============================================================================
  o    public maximizeAndGetScript(java.util.Locale)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$IOException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatApi23   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k6)
===============================================================================
  r    public static maximizeAndGetScript(java.util.Locale)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatApi23$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatIcs     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cn)
===============================================================================
  f    public static maximizeAndGetScript(java.util.Locale)
  j    private static getScript(java.lang.String)
  j    private static addLikelySubtags(java.util.Locale)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p7)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract isRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)
  b    public abstract isRtl(char[],int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4)
===============================================================================
  k    private static isRtlText(int)
  p    static access$100(int)
  u    static access$200(int)
  y    private static isRtlTextOrFormat(int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$AnyStrong  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4$x)
===============================================================================
  z    public checkRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$FirstStrong        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4$w)
===============================================================================
  z    public checkRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_je)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionAlgorithm     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4$b)
===============================================================================
  z    public abstract checkRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4$h)
===============================================================================
  a    public isRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)
  b    public isRtl(char[],int,int)
  e    protected abstract defaultIsRtl()
  l    private doCheck(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicInternal     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4$r)
===============================================================================
  e    protected defaultIsRtl()

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicLocale       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4$eval_w)
===============================================================================
  e    protected defaultIsRtl()

android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fh)
===============================================================================
  h    static access$000()
  i    public static htmlEncode(java.lang.String)
  m    public static getLayoutDirectionFromLocale(java.util.Locale)
  u    static access$100()

android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fh$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ul)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat$TextUtilsCompatImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fh$k)
===============================================================================
  a    private static getLayoutDirectionFromFirstChar(java.util.Locale)
  f    public getLayoutDirectionFromLocale(java.util.Locale)
  w    public htmlEncode(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat$TextUtilsCompatJellybeanMr1Impl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fh$eval_i)
===============================================================================
  f    public getLayoutDirectionFromLocale(java.util.Locale)
  w    public htmlEncode(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompatJellybeanMr1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bm)
===============================================================================
  m    public static htmlEncode(java.lang.String)
  y    public static getLayoutDirectionFromLocale(java.util.Locale)

android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompatJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b6)
===============================================================================
  d        public removeAll(java.util.Collection)
  s        public retainAll(java.util.Collection)
  t        public containsAll(java.util.Collection)
  y        private getCollection()
  entrySet public entrySet()
  keySet   public keySet()
  putAll   public putAll(java.util.Map)
  values   public values()

android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b6$1)
===============================================================================
  a    protected colPut(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  d    protected colGetEntry(int,int)
  e    protected colClear()
  j    protected colSetValue(int,java.lang.Object)
  o    protected colGetMap()
  o    protected colRemoveAt(int)
  r    protected colGetSize()
  w    protected colIndexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  y    protected colIndexOfKey(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap$ParseException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_is)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.AtomicFile       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l5)
===============================================================================
  b        public delete()
  eval_r   public openRead()
  g        public failWrite(java.io.FileOutputStream)
  j        public getBaseFile()
  k        public finishWrite(java.io.FileOutputStream)
  l        public startWrite()
  o        static sync(java.io.FileOutputStream)
  y        public readFully()

android.support.v4.util.AtomicFile$Exception     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.CircularArray    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b5)
===============================================================================
  a        public removeFromStart(int)
  b        public addFirst(java.lang.Object)
  c        public clear()
  d        public removeFromEnd(int)
  e        public popFirst()
  eval_p   public addLast(java.lang.Object)
  k        public getLast()
  o        public get(int)
  q        public getFirst()
  u        public popLast()
  w        public isEmpty()
  x        private doubleCapacity()
  y        public size()

android.support.v4.util.CircularArray$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.CircularIntArray (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ln)
===============================================================================
  eval_c   public get(int)
  eval_j   public getLast()
  eval_n   public clear()
  g        public addLast(int)
  h        public popLast()
  n        public removeFromEnd(int)
  p        public isEmpty()
  r        public removeFromStart(int)
  s        public popFirst()
  t        public size()
  u        public getFirst()
  u        public addFirst(int)
  z        private doubleCapacity()

android.support.v4.util.CircularIntArray$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.ContainerHelpers (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__h)
===============================================================================
  b    public static idealByteArraySize(int)
  e    public static equal(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  j    static binarySearch(int[],int,int)
  j    static binarySearch(long[],int,long)
  l    public static idealIntArraySize(int)
  r    public static idealLongArraySize(int)

android.support.v4.util.ContainerHelpers$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.DebugUtils       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zx)
===============================================================================
  z    public static buildShortClassTag(java.lang.Object,java.lang.StringBuilder)

android.support.v4.util.DebugUtils$Exception     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.LogWriter        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rj)
===============================================================================
  x        private flushBuilder()
  close    public close()
  flush    public flush()
  write    public write(char[],int,int)

android.support.v4.util.LogWriter$IOException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.LongSparseArray  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jq)
===============================================================================
  b        public indexOfKey(long)
  clone    public clone()
  d        public size()
  d        public removeAt(int)
  h        public keyAt(int)
  i        public remove(long)
  l        public put(long,java.lang.Object)
  n        public append(long,java.lang.Object)
  p        public setValueAt(int,java.lang.Object)
  q        public delete(long)
  r        private gc()
  s        public indexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  u        public get(long)
  v        public valueAt(int)
  v        public get(long,java.lang.Object)
  z        public clear()
  clone    public volatile clone()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.util.LongSparseArray$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.LruCache (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pv)
===============================================================================
  b        public final evictAll()
  b        public final remove(java.lang.Object)
  c        public final synchronized snapshot()
  e        public trimToSize(int)
  eval_v   public final synchronized missCount()
  eval_x   public final synchronized maxSize()
  h        private safeSizeOf(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  j        protected entryRemoved(boolean,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  n        public resize(int)
  p        public final synchronized putCount()
  p        protected sizeOf(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  q        public final synchronized createCount()
  u        public final synchronized size()
  u        public final put(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  v        public final synchronized evictionCount()
  v        public final get(java.lang.Object)
  w        public final synchronized hitCount()
  y        protected create(java.lang.Object)
  toString public final synchronized toString()

android.support.v4.util.LruCache$ParseException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r4)
===============================================================================
  a    protected abstract colPut(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  b    public toArrayHelper(java.lang.Object[],int)
  c    public getValues()
  d    protected abstract colGetEntry(int,int)
  e    protected abstract colClear()
  i    public getKeySet()
  j    protected abstract colSetValue(int,java.lang.Object)
  k    public getEntrySet()
  k    public static containsAllHelper(java.util.Map,java.util.Collection)
  l    public static retainAllHelper(java.util.Map,java.util.Collection)
  o    protected abstract colGetMap()
  o    protected abstract colRemoveAt(int)
  r    protected abstract colGetSize()
  r    public static removeAllHelper(java.util.Map,java.util.Collection)
  t    public toArrayHelper(int)
  w    protected abstract colIndexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  x    public static equalsSetHelper(java.util.Set,java.lang.Object)
  y    protected abstract colIndexOfKey(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$ArrayIterator     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r4$n)
===============================================================================
  hasNext  public hasNext()
  next     public next()
  remove   public remove()

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$EntrySet  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r4$g)
===============================================================================
  q            public add(java.util.Map$Entry)
  add          public volatile add(java.lang.Object)
  addAll       public addAll(java.util.Collection)
  clear        public clear()
  contains     public contains(java.lang.Object)
  containsAll  public containsAll(java.util.Collection)
  equals       public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode     public hashCode()
  isEmpty      public isEmpty()
  iterator     public iterator()
  remove       public remove(java.lang.Object)
  removeAll    public removeAll(java.util.Collection)
  retainAll    public retainAll(java.util.Collection)
  size         public size()
  toArray      public toArray()
  toArray      public toArray(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vs)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$KeySet    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r4$h)
===============================================================================
  add          public add(java.lang.Object)
  addAll       public addAll(java.util.Collection)
  clear        public clear()
  contains     public contains(java.lang.Object)
  containsAll  public containsAll(java.util.Collection)
  equals       public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode     public hashCode()
  isEmpty      public isEmpty()
  iterator     public iterator()
  remove       public remove(java.lang.Object)
  removeAll    public removeAll(java.util.Collection)
  retainAll    public retainAll(java.util.Collection)
  size         public size()
  toArray      public toArray()
  toArray      public toArray(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$MapIterator       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r4$a)
===============================================================================
  next     public next()
  equals   public final equals(java.lang.Object)
  getKey   public getKey()
  getValue public getValue()
  hasNext  public hasNext()
  hashCode public final hashCode()
  next     public volatile next()
  remove   public remove()
  setValue public setValue(java.lang.Object)
  toString public final toString()

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$ValuesCollection  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r4$r)
===============================================================================
  add          public add(java.lang.Object)
  addAll       public addAll(java.util.Collection)
  clear        public clear()
  contains     public contains(java.lang.Object)
  containsAll  public containsAll(java.util.Collection)
  isEmpty      public isEmpty()
  iterator     public iterator()
  remove       public remove(java.lang.Object)
  removeAll    public removeAll(java.util.Collection)
  retainAll    public retainAll(java.util.Collection)
  size         public size()
  toArray      public toArray()
  toArray      public toArray(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.util.Pair     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qo)
===============================================================================
  d        private static objectsEqual(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  y        public static create(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()

android.support.v4.util.Pair$IOException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.Pools    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.Pools$Exception  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.Pools$Pool       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u_$h)
===============================================================================
  s    public abstract acquire()
  u    public abstract release(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.Pools$SimplePool (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u_$n)
===============================================================================
  g    private isInPool(java.lang.Object)
  s    public acquire()
  u    public release(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.Pools$SynchronizedPool   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u_$b)
===============================================================================
  s    public acquire()
  u    public release(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vv)
===============================================================================
  a                public removeAt(int)
  b                public setValueAt(int,java.lang.Object)
  b                private static freeArrays(int[],java.lang.Object[],int)
  c                public keyAt(int)
  eval_a           public indexOfKey(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o           private allocArrays(int)
  g                public ensureCapacity(int)
  i                indexOfNull()
  i                public putAll(android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap)
  t                indexOf(java.lang.Object,int)
  v                indexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  z                public valueAt(int)
  clear            public clear()
  containsKey      public containsKey(java.lang.Object)
  containsValue    public containsValue(java.lang.Object)
  equals           public equals(java.lang.Object)
  get              public get(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode         public hashCode()
  isEmpty          public isEmpty()
  put              public put(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  remove           public remove(java.lang.Object)
  size             public size()
  toString         public toString()

android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_om)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.SparseArrayCompat        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_od)
===============================================================================
  a        public clear()
  a        public remove(int)
  c        public indexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  clone    public clone()
  g        public size()
  g        public delete(int)
  h        public keyAt(int)
  h        public setValueAt(int,java.lang.Object)
  i        public removeAtRange(int,int)
  l        private gc()
  m        public indexOfKey(int)
  m        public append(int,java.lang.Object)
  o        public get(int,java.lang.Object)
  p        public get(int)
  s        public put(int,java.lang.Object)
  v        public removeAt(int)
  y        public valueAt(int)
  clone    public volatile clone()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.util.SparseArrayCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.TimeUtils        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yv)
===============================================================================
  k    public static formatDuration(long,java.lang.StringBuilder)
  n    private static accumField(int,int,boolean,int)
  o    public static formatDuration(long,java.io.PrintWriter,int)
  t    public static formatDuration(long,long,java.io.PrintWriter)
  w    private static printField(char[],int,char,int,boolean,int)
  y    public static formatDuration(long,java.io.PrintWriter)
  z    private static formatDurationLocked(long,int)

android.support.v4.util.TimeUtils$IOException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ad)
===============================================================================
  a    public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  g    getBridge()
  g    public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  h    public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  i    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  k    public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  l    public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  l    public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  o    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  t    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ad$y)
===============================================================================
  a        public newAccessiblityDelegateDefaultImpl()
  c        public newAccessiblityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  eval_n   public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  j        public sendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  k        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  l        public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  m        public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  n        public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  s        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ad$y$1)
===============================================================================
  d    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  h    public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  k    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  n    public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  n    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  o    public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  w    public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateImpl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ad$c)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract newAccessiblityDelegateDefaultImpl()
  c        public abstract newAccessiblityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  c        public abstract performAccessibilityAction(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_n   public abstract onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  i        public abstract getAccessibilityNodeProvider(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  j        public abstract sendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  k        public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  l        public abstract dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  m        public abstract onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  n        public abstract sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  s        public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ad$b)
===============================================================================
  c    public newAccessiblityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  c    public performAccessibilityAction(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  i    public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ad$b$1)
===============================================================================
  b        public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  d        public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  eval_a   public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  eval_t   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  n        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  o        public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  q        public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  w        public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  w        public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateStubImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ad$o)
===============================================================================
  a        public newAccessiblityDelegateDefaultImpl()
  c        public newAccessiblityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  c        public performAccessibilityAction(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_n   public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  i        public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  j        public sendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  k        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  l        public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  m        public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  n        public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  s        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gn)
===============================================================================
  a        public static newAccessibilityDelegateDefaultImpl()
  d        public static sendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  e        public static onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  eval_d   public static sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  eval_s   public static onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  r        public static dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  t        public static onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  v        public static newAccessibilityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$AccessibilityDelegateBridge)
  v        public static onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gn$1)
===============================================================================
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onPopulateAccessibilityEvent     public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent  public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  sendAccessibilityEvent           public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked  public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$AccessibilityDelegateBridge       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gn$v)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  h    public abstract dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  k    public abstract onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  n    public abstract sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  n    public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  o    public abstract onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  w    public abstract sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kg)
===============================================================================
  q    public static newAccessibilityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityDelegateBridgeJellyBean)
  r    public static performAccessibilityAction(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  x    public static getAccessibilityNodeProvider(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kg$1)
===============================================================================
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  getAccessibilityNodeProvider     public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onPopulateAccessibilityEvent     public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent  public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  performAccessibilityAction       public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  sendAccessibilityEvent           public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked  public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityDelegateBridgeJellyBean        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kg$h)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  d        public abstract onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  eval_a   public abstract sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  eval_t   public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  n        public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  o        public abstract sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  q        public abstract getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  w        public abstract dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  w        public abstract onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$NullPointerException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z_)
===============================================================================
  b        public overridesItemVisibility()
  eval_k   public abstract onCreateActionView()
  eval_x   public isVisible()
  f        public setSubUiVisibilityListener(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$SubUiVisibilityListener)
  g        public setVisibilityListener(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$VisibilityListener)
  h        public refreshVisibility()
  i        public subUiVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  l        public onPrepareSubMenu(android.view.SubMenu)
  p        public onCreateActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  s        public reset()
  t        public getContext()
  w        public onPerformDefaultAction()
  y        public hasSubMenu()

android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$SubUiVisibilityListener   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z_$n)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract onSubUiVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$VisibilityListener        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z_$w)
===============================================================================
  eval_n   public abstract onActionProviderVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tf)
===============================================================================
  g    public setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)
  p    public isLongpressEnabled()
  p    public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  v    public setIsLongpressEnabled(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tf$g)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract setIsLongpressEnabled(boolean)
  s    public abstract isLongpressEnabled()
  v    public abstract setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)
  z    public abstract onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tf$z)
===============================================================================
  c    public setIsLongpressEnabled(boolean)
  g    static access$300(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  h    private cancelTaps()
  h    static access$100(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  n    private dispatchLongPress()
  n    private init(android.content.Context)
  n    private isConsideredDoubleTap(android.view.MotionEvent,android.view.MotionEvent,android.view.MotionEvent)
  p    private cancel()
  s    public isLongpressEnabled()
  s    static access$200(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  t    static access$000(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  v    public setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)
  z    static access$400(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  z    static access$502(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase,boolean)
  z    public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase$GestureHandler       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tf$z$p)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase$NullPointerException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplJellybeanMr2      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tf$c)
===============================================================================
  c    public setIsLongpressEnabled(boolean)
  s    public isLongpressEnabled()
  v    public setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)
  z    public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g3)
===============================================================================
  g    public static applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  l    public static getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)
  p    public static apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  w    public static apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g3$t)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  eval_q   public abstract getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)
  r        public abstract apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  x        public abstract apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImplBase      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g3$g)
===============================================================================
  c        public applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  eval_q   public getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)
  r        public apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  x        public apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImplJellybeanMr1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g3$x)
===============================================================================
  c        public applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  eval_q   public getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)
  r        public apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  x        public apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompatJellybeanMr1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_et)
===============================================================================
  f    public static getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)
  j    public static apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  t    public static apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  y    public static applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompatJellybeanMr1$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ud)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.InputDeviceCompat        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.InputDeviceCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ra)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nn)
===============================================================================
  a    public static metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)
  e    public static hasNoModifiers(android.view.KeyEvent)
  f    public static getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)
  f    public static metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  g    public static normalizeMetaState(int)
  m    public static isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  m    public static dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  q    public static startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  v    public static hasModifiers(android.view.KeyEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$BaseKeyEventVersionImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nn$j)
===============================================================================
  c        public getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)
  eval_v   private static metaStateFilterDirectionalModifiers(int,int,int,int,int)
  k        public metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  n        public normalizeMetaState(int)
  o        public isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  v        public startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  x        public metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)
  y        public dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$EclairKeyEventVersionImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nn$k)
===============================================================================
  c    public getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)
  o    public isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  v    public startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  y    public dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$HoneycombKeyEventVersionImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nn$u)
===============================================================================
  k    public metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  n    public normalizeMetaState(int)
  x    public metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$KeyEventVersionImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nn$g)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)
  k    public abstract metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  n    public abstract normalizeMetaState(int)
  o    public abstract isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  v    public abstract startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  x    public abstract metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)
  y    public abstract dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatEclair     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x_)
===============================================================================
  e    public static dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  n    public static startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  x    public static getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)
  y    public static isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatEclair$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatHoneycomb  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d1)
===============================================================================
  a    public static metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  k    public static metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)
  t    public static normalizeMetaState(int)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatHoneycomb$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompat     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sh)
===============================================================================
  b    public static getFactory(android.view.LayoutInflater)
  u    public static setFactory(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterFactory)

android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompat$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompat$LayoutInflaterCompatImpl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sh$u)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract getFactory(android.view.LayoutInflater)
  p    public abstract setFactory(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterFactory)

android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompat$LayoutInflaterCompatImplBase        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sh$eval_b)
===============================================================================
  i    public getFactory(android.view.LayoutInflater)
  p    public setFactory(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterFactory)

android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompat$LayoutInflaterCompatImplV11 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sh$x)
===============================================================================
  p    public setFactory(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterFactory)

android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompat$LayoutInflaterCompatImplV21 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sh$p)
===============================================================================
  p    public setFactory(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterFactory)

android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompatBase (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r7)
===============================================================================
  n    static setFactory(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterFactory)
  r    static getFactory(android.view.LayoutInflater)

android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompatBase$FactoryWrapper  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r7$s)
===============================================================================
  onCreateView public onCreateView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  toString     public toString()

android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompatBase$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompatHC   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u4)
===============================================================================
  g    static setFactory(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterFactory)
  z    static forceSetFactory2(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.LayoutInflater$Factory2)

android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompatHC$FactoryWrapperHC  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u4$h)
===============================================================================
  onCreateView public onCreateView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)

android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompatLollipop     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i2)
===============================================================================
  p    static setFactory(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterFactory)

android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterCompatLollipop$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_de)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterFactory    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s4)
===============================================================================
  p    public abstract onCreateView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)

android.support.v4.view.LayoutInflaterFactory$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rn)
===============================================================================
  b        public static setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  d        public static setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  e        public static getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  eval_a   public static resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  l        public static getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  n        public static isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  r        public static getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  s        public static setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImpl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rn$v)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  f    public abstract getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  h    public abstract getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  j    public abstract setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  l    public abstract isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  l    public abstract resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  m    public abstract setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  o    public abstract setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImplBase        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rn$z)
===============================================================================
  c    public getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  f    public getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  h    public getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  j    public setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  l    public isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  l    public resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  m    public setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  o    public setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImplJbMr1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rn$i)
===============================================================================
  c    public getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  f    public getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  h    public getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  j    public setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  l    public isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  l    public resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  m    public setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  o    public setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompatJellybeanMr1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tj)
===============================================================================
  c        public static setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  eval_f   public static setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  f        public static resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  i        public static setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  n        public static getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  p        public static getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  s        public static getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  v        public static isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompatJellybeanMr1$NullPointerException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ej)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuCompat       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tq)
===============================================================================
  o    public static setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)

android.support.v4.view.MenuCompat$Exception     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f9)
===============================================================================
  c        public static getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  eval_z   public static setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  f        public static setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  i        public static collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  j        public static expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  l        public static isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  m        public static setActionProvider(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  q        public static getActionProvider(android.view.MenuItem)
  q        public static setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)
  t        public static setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$BaseMenuVersionImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f9$v)
===============================================================================
  d        public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  e        public collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  eval_l   public isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  g        public getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  i        public setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  p        public expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  r        public setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  x        public setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$HoneycombMenuVersionImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f9$x)
===============================================================================
  d        public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  e        public collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  eval_l   public isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  g        public getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  i        public setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  p        public expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  r        public setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  x        public setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_la)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f9$j)
===============================================================================
  d        public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  e        public collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  eval_l   public isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  p        public expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f9$j$1)
===============================================================================
  f    public onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  r    public onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ig)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$MenuVersionImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f9$eval_g)
===============================================================================
  d        public abstract setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  e        public abstract collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  eval_l   public abstract isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  g        public abstract getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  i        public abstract setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  p        public abstract expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  r        public abstract setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  x        public abstract setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f9$l)
===============================================================================
  p    public abstract onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  t    public abstract onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatHoneycomb  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zq)
===============================================================================
  b    public static setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  d    public static setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  k    public static setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)
  o    public static getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatHoneycomb$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ic)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m5)
===============================================================================
  eval_e   public static isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  j        public static expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  m        public static collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  p        public static setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$SupportActionExpandProxy)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$OnActionExpandListenerWrapper  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m5$g)
===============================================================================
  onMenuItemActionCollapse public onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  onMenuItemActionExpand   public onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$SupportActionExpandProxy       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m5$o)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  r    public abstract onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pf)
===============================================================================
  b        public static findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  e        public static getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  eval_q   public static getAxisValue(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  eval_u   public static getActionIndex(android.view.MotionEvent)
  f        public static getSource(android.view.MotionEvent)
  f        public static getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  j        public static getAxisValue(android.view.MotionEvent,int,int)
  l        public static getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  t        public static getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)
  y        public static getActionMasked(android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$BaseMotionEventVersionImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pf$i)
===============================================================================
  b    public getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)
  d    public getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  m    public getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  o    public getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  q    public getSource(android.view.MotionEvent)
  r    public getAxisValue(android.view.MotionEvent,int,int)
  t    public getAxisValue(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  v    public findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$EclairMotionEventVersionImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pf$e)
===============================================================================
  b    public getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)
  d    public getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  m    public getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  o    public getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  v    public findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$GingerbreadMotionEventVersionImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pf$r)
===============================================================================
  q    public getSource(android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$HoneycombMr1MotionEventVersionImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pf$l)
===============================================================================
  r    public getAxisValue(android.view.MotionEvent,int,int)
  t    public getAxisValue(android.view.MotionEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$MotionEventVersionImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pf$n)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)
  d    public abstract getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  m    public abstract getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  o    public abstract getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  q    public abstract getSource(android.view.MotionEvent)
  r    public abstract getAxisValue(android.view.MotionEvent,int,int)
  t    public abstract getAxisValue(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  v    public abstract findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatEclair  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v2)
===============================================================================
  d    public static getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  h    public static getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  u    public static getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  v    public static getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)
  x    public static findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatEclair$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ha)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatGingerbread     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fo)
===============================================================================
  f    public static getSource(android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatGingerbread$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatHoneycombMr1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sa)
===============================================================================
  r    static getAxisValue(android.view.MotionEvent,int,int)
  t    static getAxisValue(android.view.MotionEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatHoneycombMr1$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingChild     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kk)
===============================================================================
  dispatchNestedFling          public abstract dispatchNestedFling(float,float,boolean)
  dispatchNestedPreFling       public abstract dispatchNestedPreFling(float,float)
  dispatchNestedPreScroll      public abstract dispatchNestedPreScroll(int,int,int[],int[])
  dispatchNestedScroll         public abstract dispatchNestedScroll(int,int,int,int,int[])
  hasNestedScrollingParent     public abstract hasNestedScrollingParent()
  isNestedScrollingEnabled     public abstract isNestedScrollingEnabled()
  setNestedScrollingEnabled    public abstract setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
  startNestedScroll            public abstract startNestedScroll(int)
  stopNestedScroll             public abstract stopNestedScroll()

android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingChild$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_an)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingChildHelper       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rg)
===============================================================================
  b        public dispatchNestedPreScroll(int,int,int[],int[])
  eval_r   public onDetachedFromWindow()
  eval_w   public setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
  g        public isNestedScrollingEnabled()
  g        public dispatchNestedFling(float,float,boolean)
  k        public stopNestedScroll()
  n        public onStopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
  q        public startNestedScroll(int)
  v        public hasNestedScrollingParent()
  x        public dispatchNestedPreFling(float,float)
  y        public dispatchNestedScroll(int,int,int,int,int[])

android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingChildHelper$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingParent    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yh)
===============================================================================
  getNestedScrollAxes      public abstract getNestedScrollAxes()
  onNestedFling            public abstract onNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  onNestedPreFling         public abstract onNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
  onNestedPreScroll        public abstract onNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[])
  onNestedScroll           public abstract onNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  onNestedScrollAccepted   public abstract onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  onStartNestedScroll      public abstract onStartNestedScroll(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  onStopNestedScroll       public abstract onStopNestedScroll(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingParent$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ps)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingParentHelper      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g5)
===============================================================================
  e    public onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  g    public onStopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
  m    public getNestedScrollAxes()

android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingParentHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bc)
===============================================================================
  y    public abstract onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)

android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s7)
===============================================================================
  a        public restoreState(android.os.Parcelable,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  b        public startUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  c        public destroyItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  c        public getPageWidth(int)
  d        public saveState()
  e        public finishUpdate(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public unregisterDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)
  eval_f   public startUpdate(android.view.View)
  eval_s   public getPageTitle(int)
  f        public finishUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  j        public getItemPosition(java.lang.Object)
  n        public setPrimaryItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  q        public destroyItem(android.view.View,int,java.lang.Object)
  q        public instantiateItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  s        public abstract getCount()
  s        setViewPagerObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)
  u        public registerDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)
  y        public setPrimaryItem(android.view.View,int,java.lang.Object)
  y        public abstract isViewFromObject(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  z        public notifyDataSetChanged()
  z        public instantiateItem(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_aw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nd)
===============================================================================
  b                        public getTabIndicatorColor()
  d                        public getDrawFullUnderline()
  g                        public setTabIndicatorColor(int)
  j                        getMinHeight()
  l                        updateTextPositions(int,float,boolean)
  t                        public setDrawFullUnderline(boolean)
  v                        public setTabIndicatorColorResource(int)
  y                        public setTextSpacing(int)
  onDraw                   protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onTouchEvent             public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setBackgroundColor       public setBackgroundColor(int)
  setBackgroundDrawable    public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setBackgroundResource    public setBackgroundResource(int)
  setPadding               public setPadding(int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nd$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$2  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nd$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__c)
===============================================================================
  a                    public setNonPrimaryAlpha(float)
  a                    public setTextColor(int)
  c                    updateAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter,android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  d                    static access$100(android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip)
  j                    getMinHeight()
  l                    updateTextPositions(int,float,boolean)
  n                    updateText(int,android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  o                    public getTextSpacing()
  p                    public setGravity(int)
  u                    private static setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)
  v                    public setTextSize(int,float)
  y                    public setTextSpacing(int)
  onAttachedToWindow   protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout             protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)
  requestLayout        public requestLayout()

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__c$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PageListener     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__c$e)
===============================================================================
  c            public onAdapterChanged(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter,android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  eval_p       public onPageScrollStateChanged(int)
  l            public onPageSelected(int)
  p            public onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  onChanged    public onChanged()

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__c$z)
===============================================================================
  m    public abstract setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImplBase  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__c$a)
===============================================================================
  m    public setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImplIcs   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__c$b)
===============================================================================
  m    public setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fg)
===============================================================================
  r    public static setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs$SingleLineAllCapsTransform    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fg$r)
===============================================================================
  getTransformation    public getTransformation(java.lang.CharSequence,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vr)
===============================================================================
  j    public static isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  s    public static setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vr$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$BaseScaleGestureDetectorImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vr$t)
===============================================================================
  eval_q   public setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  u        public isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKatImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vr$d)
===============================================================================
  eval_q   public setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  u        public isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$ScaleGestureDetectorImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vr$x)
===============================================================================
  eval_q   public abstract setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  u        public abstract isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ky)
===============================================================================
  b    public static setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  w    public static isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ScrollingView    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t8)
===============================================================================
  computeHorizontalScrollExtent    public abstract computeHorizontalScrollExtent()
  computeHorizontalScrollOffset    public abstract computeHorizontalScrollOffset()
  computeHorizontalScrollRange     public abstract computeHorizontalScrollRange()
  computeVerticalScrollExtent      public abstract computeVerticalScrollExtent()
  computeVerticalScrollOffset      public abstract computeVerticalScrollOffset()
  computeVerticalScrollRange       public abstract computeVerticalScrollRange()

android.support.v4.view.ScrollingView$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ss)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.TintableBackgroundView   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cx)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract getSupportBackgroundTintList()
  l    public abstract setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  v    public abstract setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  x    public abstract getSupportBackgroundTintMode()

android.support.v4.view.TintableBackgroundView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qd)
===============================================================================
  e    public static getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  f    public static getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$BaseVelocityTrackerVersionImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qd$j)
===============================================================================
  d    public getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  o    public getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$HoneycombVelocityTrackerVersionImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qd$i)
===============================================================================
  d    public getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  o    public getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$VelocityTrackerVersionImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qd$q)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  o    public abstract getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompatHoneycomb   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kz)
===============================================================================
  e    public static getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  q    public static getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompatHoneycomb$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getAlpha(android.view.View)
  a        public static setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  c        public static getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  c        public static setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  c        public static dispatchNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
  c        public static setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  d        public static dispatchStartTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  d        public static setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
  e        public static getRotationY(android.view.View)
  e        public static setBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  e        public static onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  e        public static setFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View,boolean)
  eval__   public static getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  eval_a   public static getRotationX(android.view.View)
  eval_b   public static animate(android.view.View)
  eval_c   public static getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  eval_c4  public static getZ(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public static getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public static getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  eval_e0  public static getScrollIndicators(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public static getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_g   public static getScaleY(android.view.View)
  eval_h   public static getBackgroundTintList(android.view.View)
  eval_he  public static getClipBounds(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public static isPaddingRelative(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public static setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  eval_j   public static getRotation(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public static setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  eval_k   public static getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  eval_k   public static setActivated(android.view.View,boolean)
  eval_l   public static isNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public static setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  eval_m   public static requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  eval_n   public static getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  eval_o   public static hasOverlappingRendering(android.view.View)
  eval_o   public static performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_p   public static getPivotX(android.view.View)
  eval_p   public static setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_q   public static getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public static getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public static setElevation(android.view.View,float)
  eval_s   public static getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  eval_sy  public static hasOnClickListeners(android.view.View)
  eval_t   public static jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  eval_t   public static setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  eval_u   public static isLaidOut(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public static getBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public static startNestedScroll(android.view.View,int)
  eval_w   public static getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  eval_x   public static getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  eval_y   public static getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public static getY(android.view.View)
  f        public static getScaleX(android.view.View)
  f        public static combineMeasuredStates(int,int)
  g        public static getPivotY(android.view.View)
  g        public static setClipBounds(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)
  g        public static offsetTopAndBottom(android.view.View,int)
  g        public static dispatchNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int[])
  i        public static stopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
  i        public static setX(android.view.View,float)
  i        public static dispatchNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[],int[])
  j        public static getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)
  j        public static setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  j        public static setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  k        public static getElevation(android.view.View)
  k        public static dispatchApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  k        public static setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  k        public static setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int)
  k        public static postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  l        public static isOpaque(android.view.View)
  l        public static setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  m        public static hasNestedScrollingParent(android.view.View)
  m        public static setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  n        public static getLayerType(android.view.View)
  n        public static canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  o        public static getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
  o        public static onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  o        public static offsetLeftAndRight(android.view.View,int)
  o        public static setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  p        public static hasAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
  p        public static setSaveFromParentEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  p        public static setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)
  p        public static postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  p        public static resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  q        public static getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  q        public static setNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  r        public static postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  r        public static setBackgroundTintList(android.view.View,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  r        public static setY(android.view.View,float)
  r        public static canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  r        public static setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int,int)
  s        public static getX(android.view.View)
  t        public static isAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
  t        public static setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  t        public static dispatchNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  u        public static hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  u        public static setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  u        public static setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  u        public static postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  v        public static getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  v        public static setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  v        public static setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  v        public static setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  w        public static dispatchFinishTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  x        public static onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  x        public static setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  y        public static getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  y        public static onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  z        public static getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  z        public static setScaleX(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$BaseViewCompatImpl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$q)
===============================================================================
  a        public getAlpha(android.view.View)
  a        public setBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  a        public setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  a        public canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  b        public isOpaque(android.view.View)
  b        public setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  b        public setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  b        public dispatchNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
  b        public canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  c        public setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  c        public setY(android.view.View,float)
  d        public getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)
  d        public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  d        public setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  d        public setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  d        public dispatchNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[],int[])
  e        public getBackgroundTintList(android.view.View)
  e        public setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  eval__   public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  eval_a   public getRotationX(android.view.View)
  eval_a   public setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  eval_b   public getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  eval_c   public getElevation(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  eval_dy  public getZ(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public isPaddingRelative(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public setElevation(android.view.View,float)
  eval_ec  public isLaidOut(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public stopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
  eval_g   public getClipBounds(android.view.View)
  eval_h   public getPivotX(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public getRotation(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  eval_k   public getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_m   public getRotationY(android.view.View)
  eval_m_  public hasNestedScrollingParent(android.view.View)
  eval_n   public getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  eval_o   public getPivotY(android.view.View)
  eval_o8  public getScrollIndicators(android.view.View)
  eval_p   public getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  eval_pg  public isAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  eval_ql  public hasOnClickListeners(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  eval_s   public getLayerType(android.view.View)
  eval_t   public getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  eval_tb  public getBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public dispatchFinishTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public offsetTopAndBottom(android.view.View,int)
  eval_x   public hasOverlappingRendering(android.view.View)
  eval_y   public animate(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public dispatchStartTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  f        public getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  g        public setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)
  h        public setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  i        public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  i        public resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  j        public getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  j        public setClipBounds(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)
  j        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  j        public setActivated(android.view.View,boolean)
  j        public setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int)
  k        public postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  k        public dispatchApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  l        public getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
  l        public setSaveFromParentEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  m        private bindTempDetach()
  m        public getScaleY(android.view.View)
  n        public getScaleX(android.view.View)
  n        public setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  n        public setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  o        private canScrollingViewScrollHorizontally(android.support.v4.view.ScrollingView,int)
  o        public setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  o        public dispatchNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  o        public offsetLeftAndRight(android.view.View,int)
  o        public setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  p        public getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  p        public setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  p        public setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  q        private canScrollingViewScrollVertically(android.support.v4.view.ScrollingView,int)
  q        public isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  q        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  q        public setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int,int)
  r        public getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  r        public setBackgroundTintList(android.view.View,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  r        public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  r        public setNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  r        public postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  s        public hasAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
  s        public setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
  s        public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  t        public setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  t        public postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  t        public postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  u        public isNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View)
  u        public setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  u        public startNestedScroll(android.view.View,int)
  v        public getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  v        public setFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View,boolean)
  v        public setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  w        public getX(android.view.View)
  w        public setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  x        public getY(android.view.View)
  x        public combineMeasuredStates(int,int)
  y        public getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  y        public setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  y        public setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  y        public dispatchNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int[])
  z        getFrameTime()
  z        public getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  z        public setX(android.view.View,float)
  z        public setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$EclairMr1ViewCompatImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$d)
===============================================================================
  b    public isOpaque(android.view.View)
  o    public setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$Exception     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_in)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$GBViewCompatImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$eval_j)
===============================================================================
  d    public getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)
  g    public setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$HCViewCompatImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$r)
===============================================================================
  a        public getAlpha(android.view.View)
  a        public setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  b        public setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  c        public setY(android.view.View,float)
  d        public setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  e        public setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  eval__   public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  eval_a   public getRotationX(android.view.View)
  eval_a   public setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  eval_h   public getPivotX(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public getRotation(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_m   public getRotationY(android.view.View)
  eval_o   public getPivotY(android.view.View)
  eval_p   public getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  eval_s   public getLayerType(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public offsetTopAndBottom(android.view.View,int)
  h        public setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  i        public resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  j        public setActivated(android.view.View,boolean)
  l        public setSaveFromParentEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  m        public getScaleY(android.view.View)
  n        public getScaleX(android.view.View)
  o        public setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  o        public offsetLeftAndRight(android.view.View,int)
  r        public getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  t        public setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  u        public setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  v        public getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  v        public setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  w        public getX(android.view.View)
  w        public setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  x        public getY(android.view.View)
  x        public combineMeasuredStates(int,int)
  y        public setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  z        getFrameTime()
  z        public setX(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ICSMr1ViewCompatImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$v)
===============================================================================
  eval_ql  public hasOnClickListeners(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ICSViewCompatImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$s)
===============================================================================
  a        public canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  b        public setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  b        public canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  d        public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  eval_y   public animate(android.view.View)
  j        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  q        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  s        public hasAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
  v        public setFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JBViewCompatImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$p)
===============================================================================
  d        public setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  eval_b   public getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  eval_k   public getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  eval_x   public hasOverlappingRendering(android.view.View)
  i        public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  j        public getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  k        public postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  n        public setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  p        public getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  r        public postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  s        public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  t        public postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  t        public postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  y        public getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JbMr1ViewCompatImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$t)
===============================================================================
  eval_e   public isPaddingRelative(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  eval_t   public getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  f        public getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  p        public setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  u        public setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  y        public setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  z        public getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  z        public setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JbMr2ViewCompatImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$g)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public getClipBounds(android.view.View)
  j        public setClipBounds(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$KitKatViewCompatImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$z)
===============================================================================
  eval_ec  public isLaidOut(android.view.View)
  eval_pg  public isAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
  l        public getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
  n        public setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  s        public setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$LollipopViewCompatImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$w)
===============================================================================
  a        public setBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  b        public dispatchNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
  c        public setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  d        public dispatchNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[],int[])
  e        public getBackgroundTintList(android.view.View)
  eval_c   public getElevation(android.view.View)
  eval_dy  public getZ(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public setElevation(android.view.View,float)
  eval_f   public stopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  eval_m_  public hasNestedScrollingParent(android.view.View)
  eval_n   public getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  eval_tb  public getBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public offsetTopAndBottom(android.view.View,int)
  k        public dispatchApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  n        public setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  o        public dispatchNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  o        public offsetLeftAndRight(android.view.View,int)
  p        public setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  q        public isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  r        public setBackgroundTintList(android.view.View,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  r        public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  r        public setNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  u        public isNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View)
  u        public startNestedScroll(android.view.View,int)
  y        public dispatchNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int[])

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$MarshmallowViewCompatImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$j)
===============================================================================
  eval_o8  public getScrollIndicators(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public offsetTopAndBottom(android.view.View,int)
  j        public setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int)
  o        public offsetLeftAndRight(android.view.View,int)
  q        public setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ScrollIndicators      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$eval_t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ViewCompatImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jw$m)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getAlpha(android.view.View)
  a        public abstract setBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  a        public abstract setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  a        public abstract canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  b        public abstract isOpaque(android.view.View)
  b        public abstract setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  b        public abstract setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  b        public abstract dispatchNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
  b        public abstract canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  c        public abstract setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  c        public abstract setY(android.view.View,float)
  d        public abstract getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)
  d        public abstract onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  d        public abstract setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  d        public abstract setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  d        public abstract dispatchNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[],int[])
  e        public abstract getBackgroundTintList(android.view.View)
  e        public abstract setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  eval__   public abstract jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  eval_a   public abstract getRotationX(android.view.View)
  eval_a   public abstract setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  eval_b   public abstract getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  eval_c   public abstract getElevation(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public abstract hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  eval_dy  public abstract getZ(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public abstract isPaddingRelative(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public abstract setElevation(android.view.View,float)
  eval_ec  public abstract isLaidOut(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public abstract stopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
  eval_g   public abstract getClipBounds(android.view.View)
  eval_h   public abstract getPivotX(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public abstract getRotation(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public abstract getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  eval_k   public abstract getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public abstract getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_m   public abstract getRotationY(android.view.View)
  eval_m_  public abstract hasNestedScrollingParent(android.view.View)
  eval_n   public abstract getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  eval_o   public abstract getPivotY(android.view.View)
  eval_o8  public abstract getScrollIndicators(android.view.View)
  eval_p   public abstract getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  eval_pg  public abstract isAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public abstract requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  eval_ql  public abstract hasOnClickListeners(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public abstract getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  eval_s   public abstract getLayerType(android.view.View)
  eval_t   public abstract getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  eval_tb  public abstract getBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public abstract getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public abstract dispatchFinishTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public abstract getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public abstract offsetTopAndBottom(android.view.View,int)
  eval_x   public abstract hasOverlappingRendering(android.view.View)
  eval_y   public abstract animate(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public abstract dispatchStartTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  f        public abstract getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  g        public abstract setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)
  h        public abstract setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  i        public abstract getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  i        public abstract resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  j        public abstract getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  j        public abstract setClipBounds(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)
  j        public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  j        public abstract setActivated(android.view.View,boolean)
  j        public abstract setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int)
  k        public abstract postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  k        public abstract dispatchApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  l        public abstract getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
  l        public abstract setSaveFromParentEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  m        public abstract getScaleY(android.view.View)
  n        public abstract getScaleX(android.view.View)
  n        public abstract setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  n        public abstract setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  o        public abstract setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  o        public abstract dispatchNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  o        public abstract offsetLeftAndRight(android.view.View,int)
  o        public abstract setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  p        public abstract getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  p        public abstract setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  p        public abstract setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  q        public abstract isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  q        public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  q        public abstract setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int,int)
  r        public abstract getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  r        public abstract setBackgroundTintList(android.view.View,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  r        public abstract onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  r        public abstract setNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  r        public abstract postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  s        public abstract hasAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
  s        public abstract setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
  s        public abstract performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  t        public abstract setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  t        public abstract postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  t        public abstract postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  u        public abstract isNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View)
  u        public abstract setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  u        public abstract startNestedScroll(android.view.View,int)
  v        public abstract getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  v        public abstract setFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View,boolean)
  v        public abstract setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  w        public abstract getX(android.view.View)
  w        public abstract setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  x        public abstract getY(android.view.View)
  x        public abstract combineMeasuredStates(int,int)
  y        public abstract getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  y        public abstract setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  y        public abstract setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  y        public abstract dispatchNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int[])
  z        public abstract getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  z        public abstract setX(android.view.View,float)
  z        public abstract setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatBase   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q_)
===============================================================================
  b    static isAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
  h    static setBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  j    static setBackgroundTintList(android.view.View,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  n    static getBackgroundTintList(android.view.View)
  n    static offsetLeftAndRight(android.view.View,int)
  r    static getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  u    static isLaidOut(android.view.View)
  v    static offsetTopAndBottom(android.view.View,int)
  x    static getBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View)
  z    static getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatBase$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ub)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatEclairMr1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hg)
===============================================================================
  l    public static isOpaque(android.view.View)
  n    public static setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatEclairMr1$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatGingerbread    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vt)
===============================================================================
  i    public static getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)
  p    public static setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatGingerbread$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatHC     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yc)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getScaleX(android.view.View)
  b        public static getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  b        public static resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  c        public static getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  c        public static setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  d        public static setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  e        public static setX(android.view.View,float)
  e        public static combineMeasuredStates(int,int)
  eval_f   public static getPivotY(android.view.View)
  eval_h   public static getRotationX(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public static getY(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public static setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  g        public static setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  h        public static setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  j        public static setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  k        public static getLayerType(android.view.View)
  k        public static setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  k        static offsetTopAndBottom(android.view.View,int)
  l        public static getPivotX(android.view.View)
  m        public static setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  n        static offsetLeftAndRight(android.view.View,int)
  o        private static tickleInvalidationFlag(android.view.View)
  o        public static setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  p        public static getRotation(android.view.View)
  q        public static getAlpha(android.view.View)
  q        public static setSaveFromParentEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  r        static getFrameTime()
  r        public static getX(android.view.View)
  s        public static jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  s        public static setY(android.view.View,float)
  t        public static getRotationY(android.view.View)
  u        public static getScaleY(android.view.View)
  v        public static getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  w        public static getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  w        public static setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  x        public static setActivated(android.view.View,boolean)
  x        public static setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  z        public static getTranslationX(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pa)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICS    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zw)
===============================================================================
  c        public static setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  e        public static canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  eval_i   public static onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  h        public static setFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View,boolean)
  v        public static canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  v        public static onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  x        public static onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICS$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICSMr1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nh)
===============================================================================
  x    public static hasOnClickListeners(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICSMr1$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJB     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b4)
===============================================================================
  c        public static getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  c        public static setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  c        public static postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  d        public static postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  eval_h   public static getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  f        public static postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  f        public static setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  k        public static getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  k        public static performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  n        public static getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  r        public static getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  w        public static requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  x        public static hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  y        public static hasOverlappingRendering(android.view.View)
  y        public static postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  z        public static getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wa)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t4)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public static getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  f        public static setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  g        public static setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  j        public static getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  m        public static getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  n        public static getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  r        public static setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  s        public static isPaddingRelative(android.view.View)
  u        public static getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  x        public static setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr2   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v4)
===============================================================================
  i    public static setClipBounds(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)
  p    public static getClipBounds(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_it)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatKitKat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vi)
===============================================================================
  a    public static isAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
  f    public static setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
  h    public static isLaidOut(android.view.View)
  p    public static getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatKitKat$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatLollipop       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jm)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  a        public static dispatchNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int[])
  b        public static setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  c        public static dispatchNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[],int[])
  c        public static setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  d        public static dispatchNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
  d        public static dispatchNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  eval_c   static getBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public static getElevation(android.view.View)
  eval_p   static setBackgroundTintList(android.view.View,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  eval_u   public static setNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  f        public static getZ(android.view.View)
  g        public static stopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
  g        static setBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  g        public static onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  h        private static getEmptyTempRect()
  h        static getBackgroundTintList(android.view.View)
  h        public static startNestedScroll(android.view.View,int)
  k        public static hasNestedScrollingParent(android.view.View)
  m        static offsetTopAndBottom(android.view.View,int)
  n        public static isNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View)
  q        public static setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  r        public static isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  s        public static requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  t        public static getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  t        public static setElevation(android.view.View,float)
  u        public static dispatchApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
  u        static offsetLeftAndRight(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatLollipop$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jm$1)
===============================================================================
  onApplyWindowInsets  public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatLollipop$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatMarshmallow    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bj)
===============================================================================
  d        public static setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int)
  eval_e   static offsetTopAndBottom(android.view.View,int)
  m        static offsetLeftAndRight(android.view.View,int)
  q        public static getScrollIndicators(android.view.View)
  t        public static setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatMarshmallow$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j9)
===============================================================================
  v    public static hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
  x    public static getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$BaseViewConfigurationVersionImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j9$t)
===============================================================================
  h    public hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
  t    public getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$FroyoViewConfigurationVersionImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j9$h)
===============================================================================
  t    public getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$HoneycombViewConfigurationVersionImpl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j9$eval_y)
===============================================================================
  h    public hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$IcsViewConfigurationVersionImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j9$j)
===============================================================================
  h    public hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$ViewConfigurationVersionImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j9$_)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
  t    public abstract getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatFroyo     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hl)
===============================================================================
  v    public static getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatFroyo$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatICS       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uw)
===============================================================================
  eval_k   static hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatICS$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_)
===============================================================================
  eval_l   public static setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  g        public static onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  o        public static setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  s        public static isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
  x        public static getNestedScrollAxes(android.view.ViewGroup)
  y        public static setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  z        public static getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatHCImpl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_$e)
===============================================================================
  o    public setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatIcsImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_$o)
===============================================================================
  z    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_$s)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  e        public abstract getNestedScrollAxes(android.view.ViewGroup)
  eval_u   public abstract isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
  g        public abstract getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)
  o        public abstract setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  q        public abstract setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  z        public abstract onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2Impl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_$g)
===============================================================================
  g    public getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)
  q    public setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatLollipopImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_$f)
===============================================================================
  a        public setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  e        public getNestedScrollAxes(android.view.ViewGroup)
  eval_u   public isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatStubImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_$eval_m)
===============================================================================
  a        public setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  e        public getNestedScrollAxes(android.view.ViewGroup)
  eval_u   public isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
  g        public getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)
  o        public setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  q        public setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  z        public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatHC        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q0)
===============================================================================
  h    public static setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatIcs       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qe)
===============================================================================
  q    public static onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatIcs$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ee)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lt)
===============================================================================
  q    public static getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)
  q    public static setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatLollipop  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oe)
===============================================================================
  f    public static getNestedScrollAxes(android.view.ViewGroup)
  v    public static isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
  y    public static setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatLollipop$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6)
===============================================================================
  a                                pageLeft()
  a                                static access$200(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
  a                                setOnAdapterChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener)
  a                                public removeOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
  a                                setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabledCompat(boolean)
  a                                public fakeDragBy(float)
  a                                populate(int)
  b                                public getAdapter()
  c                                protected canScroll(android.view.View,boolean,int,int,int)
  c                                private determineTargetPage(int,float,int,int)
  c                                addNewItem(int,int)
  d                                public getPageMargin()
  d                                private getChildRectInPagerCoordinates(android.graphics.Rect,android.view.View)
  d                                smoothScrollTo(int,int,int)
  d                                private recomputeScrollPosition(int,int,int,int)
  e                                distanceInfluenceForSnapDuration(float)
  e                                public setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
  eval_a                           private pageScrolled(int)
  eval_b                           static access$400()
  eval_c                           private getClientWidth()
  eval_i                           private infoForCurrentScrollPosition()
  eval_i                           private enableLayers(boolean)
  eval_j                           private resetTouch()
  eval_k                           private dispatchOnPageSelected(int)
  eval_s                           private removeNonDecorViews()
  eval_u                           public beginFakeDrag()
  f                                private calculatePageOffsets(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo,int,android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo)
  g                                public getOffscreenPageLimit()
  g                                smoothScrollTo(int,int)
  h                                public addOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
  h                                public setPageMargin(int)
  i                                populate()
  i                                public setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
  i                                public setPageTransformer(boolean,android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PageTransformer)
  i                                public setCurrentItem(int,boolean)
  j                                setInternalPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
  j                                private isGutterDrag(float,float)
  k                                initViewPager()
  k                                infoForChild(android.view.View)
  l                                private performDrag(float)
  l                                setCurrentItemInternal(int,boolean,boolean)
  m                                private sortChildDrawingOrder()
  m                                public setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  m                                protected onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  o                                dataSetChanged()
  o                                public setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  o                                public setPageMarginDrawable(int)
  q                                public getCurrentItem()
  q                                public arrowScroll(int)
  r                                public clearOnPageChangeListeners()
  r                                public setCurrentItem(int)
  s                                private endDrag()
  s                                private completeScroll(boolean)
  s                                infoForPosition(int)
  s                                setCurrentItemInternal(int,boolean,boolean,int)
  t                                static access$300(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
  u                                pageRight()
  u                                private requestParentDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)
  u                                private setScrollState(int)
  u                                private scrollToItem(int,boolean,int,boolean)
  v                                public endFakeDrag()
  v                                public executeKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  v                                private onSecondaryPointerUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
  v                                infoForAnyChild(android.view.View)
  v                                private dispatchOnScrollStateChanged(int)
  w                                static access$000(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager,int)
  w                                private setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
  w                                private dispatchOnPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  z                                public isFakeDragging()
  addFocusables                    public addFocusables(java.util.ArrayList,int,int)
  addTouchables                    public addTouchables(java.util.ArrayList)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  canScrollHorizontally            public canScrollHorizontally(int)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  computeScroll                    public computeScroll()
  dispatchKeyEvent                 public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  draw                             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawableStateChanged             protected drawableStateChanged()
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  getChildDrawingOrder             protected getChildDrawingOrder(int,int)
  onAttachedToWindow               protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onDraw                           protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInterceptTouchEvent            public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRequestFocusInDescendants      protected onRequestFocusInDescendants(int,android.graphics.Rect)
  onRestoreInstanceState           public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState              public onSaveInstanceState()
  onSizeChanged                    protected onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  removeView                       public removeView(android.view.View)
  verifyDrawable                   protected verifyDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$1)
===============================================================================
  a        public compare(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo,android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$2      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$2)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$3      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$4      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$4)
===============================================================================
  y    public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$Decor  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$IOException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$LayoutParams   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$MyAccessibilityDelegate        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$o)
===============================================================================
  g    public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  i    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  o    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  q    private canScroll()

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$k)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract onAdapterChanged(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter,android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$eval_j)
===============================================================================
  eval_p   public abstract onPageScrollStateChanged(int)
  l        public abstract onPageSelected(int)
  p        public abstract onPageScrolled(int,float,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PageTransformer        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$c)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract transformPage(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PagerObserver  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$r)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$q)
===============================================================================
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$q$1)
===============================================================================
  d    public newArray(int)
  v    public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SimpleOnPageChangeListener     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$y)
===============================================================================
  eval_p   public onPageScrollStateChanged(int)
  l        public onPageSelected(int)
  p        public onPageScrolled(int,float,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ViewPositionComparator (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s6$eval_x)
===============================================================================
  n        public compare(android.view.View,android.view.View)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tc)
===============================================================================
  f    public static onNestedPreFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float)
  g    public static onNestedPreScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int[])
  p    public static onStartNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  u    public static notifySubtreeAccessibilityStateChanged(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  u    public static onNestedFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  v    public static requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  x    public static onNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  y    public static onStopNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View)
  z    public static onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatICSImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tc$b)
===============================================================================
  m    public requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatImpl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tc$j)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract onNestedFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  g    public abstract onNestedPreFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float)
  k    public abstract notifySubtreeAccessibilityStateChanged(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  l    public abstract onNestedPreScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int[])
  m    public abstract onStartNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  m    public abstract requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  u    public abstract onStopNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View)
  x    public abstract onNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  z    public abstract onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatKitKatImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tc$eval_u)
===============================================================================
  k    public notifySubtreeAccessibilityStateChanged(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatLollipopImpl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tc$m)
===============================================================================
  d    public onNestedFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  g    public onNestedPreFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float)
  l    public onNestedPreScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int[])
  m    public onStartNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  u    public onStopNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View)
  x    public onNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  z    public onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatStubImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tc$r)
===============================================================================
  d    public onNestedFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  g    public onNestedPreFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float)
  k    public notifySubtreeAccessibilityStateChanged(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  l    public onNestedPreScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int[])
  m    public onStartNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  m    public requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  u    public onStopNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View)
  x    public onNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  z    public onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatICS      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_am)
===============================================================================
  z    public static requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatICS$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatKitKat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q8)
===============================================================================
  v    public static notifySubtreeAccessibilityStateChanged(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatLollipop (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w0)
===============================================================================
  i    public static onStopNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View)
  i    public static onStartNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  m    public static onNestedPreScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int[])
  p    public static onNestedFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  v    public static onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  v    public static onNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  x    public static onNestedPreFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatLollipop$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ti)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb)
===============================================================================
  a        public yBy(float)
  b        public translationXBy(float)
  c        public rotation(float)
  d        static access$100(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  d        public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  e        public withLayer()
  e        public alphaBy(float)
  e        public withStartAction(java.lang.Runnable)
  eval_b   public rotationY(float)
  eval_e   public scaleY(float)
  eval_k   public setInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  eval_k   public scaleX(float)
  eval_l   public translationZ(float)
  eval_n   public scaleYBy(float)
  eval_s   public zBy(float)
  eval_u   public z(float)
  eval_w   public y(float)
  f        public rotationYBy(float)
  f        public withEndAction(java.lang.Runnable)
  g        public getStartDelay()
  g        static access$002(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,java.lang.Runnable)
  g        public setUpdateListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)
  g        public setDuration(long)
  i        public cancel()
  i        public translationX(float)
  k        static access$000(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  k        public translationY(float)
  m        public start()
  m        public translationZBy(float)
  n        public xBy(float)
  o        public rotationX(float)
  p        public getDuration()
  p        public alpha(float)
  q        public getInterpolator()
  q        public translationYBy(float)
  r        public scaleXBy(float)
  s        public rotationBy(float)
  t        static access$102(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,java.lang.Runnable)
  u        public x(float)
  v        static access$402(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,int)
  v        public setStartDelay(long)
  w        public rotationXBy(float)
  x        static access$400(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$i)
===============================================================================
  a        public translationZBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  b        private postStartMessage(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  b        public rotationBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  e        public withLayer(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval__   public zBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_c   public x(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_f   private startAnimation(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval_f   public rotationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_h   public translationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_k   public y(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_l   public xBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_m   public getInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval_r   public translationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_s   public yBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_t   public translationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  f        public rotationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  g        public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  h        public scaleXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  i        public getDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  i        public z(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  j        public rotationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  k        public setInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  l        public cancel(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  l        public rotationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  l        public withEndAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  m        public getStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  n        public alphaBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  o        public alpha(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  p        static access$200(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  p        public scaleX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  q        public start(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  q        public translationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  q        private removeStartMessage(android.view.View)
  s        public scaleY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  s        public withStartAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  t        public scaleYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  t        public setDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  v        public translationZ(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  w        public rotation(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  x        public setStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  y        public setUpdateListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$Starter    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$i$d)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$x)
===============================================================================
  b        public rotationBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  e        public withLayer(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval_c   public x(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_f   public rotationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_h   public translationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_k   public y(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_l   public xBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_r   public translationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_s   public yBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_t   public translationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  f        public rotationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  g        public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  h        public scaleXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  i        public getDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  j        public rotationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  k        public setInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  l        public cancel(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  l        public rotationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  l        public withEndAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  m        public getStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  n        public alphaBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  o        public alpha(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  p        public scaleX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  q        public start(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  q        public translationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  s        public scaleY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  s        public withStartAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  t        public scaleYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  t        public setDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  w        public rotation(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  x        public setStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$MyVpaListener       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$x$h)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  p    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$JBMr2ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$b)
===============================================================================
  eval_m   public getInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$JBViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$y)
===============================================================================
  e    public withLayer(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  g    public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  l    public withEndAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  s    public withStartAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$KitKatViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$l)
===============================================================================
  y    public setUpdateListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$LollipopViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$eval_z)
===============================================================================
  a        public translationZBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval__   public zBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  i        public z(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  v        public translationZ(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eb$k)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract translationZBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  b        public abstract rotationBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  e        public abstract withLayer(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval__   public abstract zBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_c   public abstract x(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_f   public abstract rotationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_h   public abstract translationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_k   public abstract y(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_l   public abstract xBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_m   public abstract getInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval_r   public abstract translationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_s   public abstract yBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_t   public abstract translationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  f        public abstract rotationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  g        public abstract setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  h        public abstract scaleXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  i        public abstract getDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  i        public abstract z(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  j        public abstract rotationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  k        public abstract setInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  l        public abstract cancel(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  l        public abstract rotationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  l        public abstract withEndAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  m        public abstract getStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  n        public abstract alphaBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  o        public abstract alpha(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  p        public abstract scaleX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  q        public abstract start(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  q        public abstract translationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  s        public abstract scaleY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  s        public abstract withStartAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  t        public abstract scaleYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  t        public abstract setDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  v        public abstract translationZ(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  w        public abstract rotation(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  x        public abstract setStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  y        public abstract setUpdateListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zf)
===============================================================================
  a        public static rotationXBy(android.view.View,float)
  c        public static alpha(android.view.View,float)
  d        public static rotationYBy(android.view.View,float)
  eval_d   public static rotationBy(android.view.View,float)
  eval_f   public static translationXBy(android.view.View,float)
  eval_g   public static scaleYBy(android.view.View,float)
  eval_p   public static translationX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_s   public static translationYBy(android.view.View,float)
  eval_t   public static yBy(android.view.View,float)
  f        public static alphaBy(android.view.View,float)
  g        public static rotation(android.view.View,float)
  h        public static start(android.view.View)
  j        public static setStartDelay(android.view.View,long)
  k        public static rotationY(android.view.View,float)
  n        public static getStartDelay(android.view.View)
  o        public static cancel(android.view.View)
  o        public static scaleY(android.view.View,float)
  p        public static setListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  q        public static xBy(android.view.View,float)
  r        public static x(android.view.View,float)
  s        public static translationY(android.view.View,float)
  t        public static getDuration(android.view.View)
  t        public static setInterpolator(android.view.View,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  u        public static scaleX(android.view.View,float)
  u        public static setDuration(android.view.View,long)
  v        public static rotationX(android.view.View,float)
  y        public static y(android.view.View,float)
  z        public static scaleXBy(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zf$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationCancel    public onAnimationCancel(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.animation.Animator)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_t_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ny)
===============================================================================
  b        public static setListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  eval_l   public static withEndAction(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  s        public static withStartAction(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  v        public static withLayer(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ny$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationCancel    public onAnimationCancel(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.animation.Animator)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJellybeanMr2   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a5)
===============================================================================
  l    public static getInterpolator(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJellybeanMr2$ParseException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wc)
===============================================================================
  o    public static setUpdateListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wc$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationUpdate    public onAnimationUpdate(android.animation.ValueAnimator)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatLollipop       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ww)
===============================================================================
  g    public static z(android.view.View,float)
  i    public static zBy(android.view.View,float)
  o    public static translationZ(android.view.View,float)
  q    public static translationZBy(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatLollipop$IOException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_su)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  m    public abstract onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  p    public abstract onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_to)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListenerAdapter      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kr)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  p    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListenerAdapter$Exception    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vo)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onAnimationUpdate(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener$IOException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.WindowCompat     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.WindowCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ch)
===============================================================================
  c        public getStableInsetTop()
  e        public consumeSystemWindowInsets()
  eval_q   public getSystemWindowInsetRight()
  eval_r   public getStableInsetRight()
  eval_t   public getStableInsetBottom()
  eval_z   public hasStableInsets()
  f        public getSystemWindowInsetBottom()
  g        public isConsumed()
  k        public hasInsets()
  l        public getStableInsetLeft()
  m        public consumeStableInsets()
  n        public replaceSystemWindowInsets(android.graphics.Rect)
  p        public getSystemWindowInsetTop()
  p        public replaceSystemWindowInsets(int,int,int,int)
  u        public isRound()
  w        public hasSystemWindowInsets()
  z        public getSystemWindowInsetLeft()

android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompatApi21  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_re)
===============================================================================
  c        public getStableInsetTop()
  e        public consumeSystemWindowInsets()
  eval_q   public getSystemWindowInsetRight()
  eval_r   public getStableInsetRight()
  eval_t   public getStableInsetBottom()
  eval_z   public hasStableInsets()
  f        public getSystemWindowInsetBottom()
  g        public isConsumed()
  k        public hasInsets()
  l        public getStableInsetLeft()
  m        public consumeStableInsets()
  n        public replaceSystemWindowInsets(android.graphics.Rect)
  p        public getSystemWindowInsetTop()
  p        public replaceSystemWindowInsets(int,int,int,int)
  u        public isRound()
  w        public hasSystemWindowInsets()
  x        unwrap()
  z        public getSystemWindowInsetLeft()

android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompatApi21$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_my)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b9)
===============================================================================
  d    public static setContentChangeTypes(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
  e    public static getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
  g    public static asRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  l    public static appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat)
  s    public static getContentChangeTypes(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  u    public static getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventIcsImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b9$w)
===============================================================================
  f    public getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  k    public getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
  o    public appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventKitKatImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b9$i)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public getContentChangeTypes(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  z        public setContentChangeTypes(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventStubImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b9$v)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public getContentChangeTypes(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  f        public getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  k        public getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
  o        public appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,java.lang.Object)
  z        public setContentChangeTypes(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventVersionImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b9$x)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public abstract getContentChangeTypes(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  f        public abstract getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  k        public abstract getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
  o        public abstract appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,java.lang.Object)
  z        public abstract setContentChangeTypes(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$ParseException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatIcs        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h5)
===============================================================================
  eval_n   public static getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  q        public static appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,java.lang.Object)
  u        public static setScrollable(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,boolean)
  v        public static getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatIcs$NullPointerException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatKitKat     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zy)
===============================================================================
  r    public static getContentChangeTypes(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  s    public static setContentChangeTypes(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatKitKat$IOException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uk)
===============================================================================
  b    static access$000()
  c    public static getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)
  n    public static isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  r    public static removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  w    public static addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  y    public static getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uk$u)
===============================================================================
  a        public getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  eval_d   public isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  f        public removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  i        public addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  p        public newAccessiblityStateChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  w        public getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uk$u$1)
===============================================================================
  p    public onAccessibilityStateChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerStubImpl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uk$l)
===============================================================================
  a        public getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  eval_d   public isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  f        public removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  i        public addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  p        public newAccessiblityStateChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  w        public getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerVersionImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uk$e)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  eval_d   public abstract isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  f        public abstract removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  i        public abstract addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  p        public abstract newAccessiblityStateChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  w        public abstract getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uk$r)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract onAccessibilityStateChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$Exception       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mz)
===============================================================================
  c        public static addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public static newAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerBridge)
  p        public static getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  r        public static removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,java.lang.Object)
  s        public static isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  w        public static getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mz$1)
===============================================================================
  onAccessibilityStateChanged  public onAccessibilityStateChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerBridge       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mz$f)
===============================================================================
  p    public abstract onAccessibilityStateChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$ParseException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv)
===============================================================================
  a        public getInfo()
  a        public setTraversalBefore(android.view.View)
  a        public setContentInvalid(boolean)
  a        public setMaxTextLength(int)
  b        public static obtain(android.view.View,int)
  b        public setLiveRegion(int)
  c        public getViewIdResourceName()
  c        public setParent(android.view.View,int)
  c        public performAction(int,android.os.Bundle)
  d        public isEditable()
  d        public getBoundsInScreen(android.graphics.Rect)
  e        public getMovementGranularities()
  eval__   public isScrollable()
  eval_a   public getInputType()
  eval_b   public getTextSelectionEnd()
  eval_c   public getMaxTextLength()
  eval_c   public removeChild(android.view.View,int)
  eval_d   public isDismissable()
  eval_e   public recycle()
  eval_f   public getLabeledBy()
  eval_g   public getTraversalAfter()
  eval_h   public getClassName()
  eval_h   public setTraversalAfter(android.view.View)
  eval_h   public setTraversalBefore(android.view.View,int)
  eval_h   public setEditable(boolean)
  eval_i   public getTextSelectionStart()
  eval_j   public isChecked()
  eval_ja  public refresh()
  eval_k   public getCollectionItemInfo()
  eval_l   public isClickable()
  eval_m   public isEnabled()
  eval_m   public setParent(android.view.View)
  eval_m   public setEnabled(boolean)
  eval_n   public getCollectionInfo()
  eval_o   public getExtras()
  eval_o   public setMultiLine(boolean)
  eval_p   public getWindow()
  eval_po  static access$000()
  eval_q   public getContentDescription()
  eval_q   public setSelected(boolean)
  eval_r   public getChildCount()
  eval_s   public isMultiLine()
  eval_s   public setScrollable(boolean)
  eval_t   public getLiveRegion()
  eval_u   public getActionList()
  eval_v   public getTraversalBefore()
  eval_w   public isFocusable()
  eval_x   public isAccessibilityFocused()
  eval_x   private static getActionSymbolicName(int)
  eval_y   public isFocused()
  eval_z   public isLongClickable()
  f        public setSource(android.view.View)
  f        public setSource(android.view.View,int)
  f        public setMovementGranularities(int)
  g        public getActions()
  g        public setLabeledBy(android.view.View)
  g        public setFocusable(boolean)
  g        public getChild(int)
  g        public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String)
  h        public isCheckable()
  h        public addAction(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityActionCompat)
  h        public setTraversalAfter(android.view.View,int)
  h        public setClassName(java.lang.CharSequence)
  h        public setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  i        public static obtain()
  i        public setBoundsInParent(android.graphics.Rect)
  i        public static obtain(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  i        public setRangeInfo(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$RangeInfoCompat)
  i        public setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  i        public setPassword(boolean)
  i        public setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.String)
  j        public isSelected()
  j        public setLabeledBy(android.view.View,int)
  k        public getRangeInfo()
  k        public setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  l        public getError()
  l        public setFocused(boolean)
  m        public removeChild(android.view.View)
  m        public setClickable(boolean)
  n        public removeAction(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityActionCompat)
  n        public setCanOpenPopup(boolean)
  n        public focusSearch(int)
  n        public setPackageName(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public isPassword()
  o        public setVisibleToUser(boolean)
  o        public addAction(int)
  p        public getBoundsInParent(android.graphics.Rect)
  p        public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByViewId(java.lang.String)
  q        public isVisibleToUser()
  q        public static obtain(android.view.View)
  r        public getLabelFor()
  r        public setChecked(boolean)
  r        public findFocus(int)
  s        public setAccessibilityFocused(boolean)
  t        public setError(java.lang.CharSequence)
  t        static wrapNonNullInstance(java.lang.Object)
  u        public getParent()
  v        public getWindowId()
  v        public setLongClickable(boolean)
  v        public setTextSelection(int,int)
  w        public isContentInvalid()
  w        public setBoundsInScreen(android.graphics.Rect)
  x        public getText()
  x        public addChild(android.view.View)
  x        public setDismissable(boolean)
  x        public setContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y        public canOpenPopup()
  y        public setCheckable(boolean)
  y        public setInputType(int)
  y        public setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  z        public getPackageName()
  z        public setLabelFor(android.view.View)
  z        public addChild(android.view.View,int)
  z        public performAction(int)
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityActionCompat      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$j)
===============================================================================
  t    public getId()
  t    static access$100(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityActionCompat)
  x    public getLabel()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoApi21Impl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$q)
===============================================================================
  b        public obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  b        public getError(java.lang.Object)
  eval_h   public getActionList(java.lang.Object)
  g        public isCollectionItemSelected(java.lang.Object)
  g        public removeAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  i        public newAccessibilityAction(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public getAccessibilityActionId(java.lang.Object)
  j        public setError(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public addAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  n        public getAccessibilityActionLabel(java.lang.Object)
  o        public setMaxTextLength(java.lang.Object,int)
  p        public obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  u        public getMaxTextLength(java.lang.Object)
  v        public getWindow(java.lang.Object)
  w        public removeChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  x        public removeChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoApi22Impl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$m)
===============================================================================
  c        public setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  eval_l   public setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_u   public setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  r        public getTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object)
  y        public getTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object)
  y        public setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoIcsImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$y)
===============================================================================
  a        public getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  b        public addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  b        public setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  b        public addAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  b        public setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  c        public isSelected(java.lang.Object)
  c        public setBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  c        public setLongClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  d        public setBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval__   public isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_a   public getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_e   public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_e   public setClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_e   public setPackageName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_f   public isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  eval_g   public getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public getText(java.lang.Object)
  eval_m   public isCheckable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public isLongClickable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public getParent(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public setFocusable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  f        public isFocusable(java.lang.Object)
  f        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  g        public getBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  g        public setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  h        public setSelected(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  h        public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  j        public getActions(java.lang.Object)
  j        public getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  k        public setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  m        public getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  n        public performAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  p        public isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  q        public isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  r        public setFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  s        public setCheckable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  t        public setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  v        public setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  w        public obtain()
  w        public isClickable(java.lang.Object)
  w        public setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  x        public getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  x        public setText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  y        public obtain(android.view.View)
  z        public obtain(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$h)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  a        public abstract performAction(java.lang.Object,int,android.os.Bundle)
  b        public abstract obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  b        public abstract getError(java.lang.Object)
  b        public abstract addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  b        public abstract setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  b        public abstract addAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  b        public abstract setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  c        public abstract isSelected(java.lang.Object)
  c        public abstract setBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  c        public abstract setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  c        public abstract setLongClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  d        public abstract setBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  d        public abstract setLabelFor(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  e        public abstract isEditable(java.lang.Object)
  eval__   public abstract isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  eval__8  public abstract isDismissable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_a   public abstract getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public abstract getCollectionItemRowSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_c   public abstract getCollectionInfoColumnCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_c_  public abstract getInputType(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public abstract getCollectionItemRowIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public abstract setEditable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_e   public abstract recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_e   public abstract setClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_e   public abstract setPackageName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_f   public abstract isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f4  public abstract getExtras(java.lang.Object)
  eval_fj  public abstract getTextSelectionStart(java.lang.Object)
  eval_fq  public abstract refresh(java.lang.Object)
  eval_g   public abstract getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  eval_h   public abstract getActionList(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public abstract getCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public abstract getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public abstract setMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_k   public abstract getText(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public abstract getCollectionInfoRowCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public abstract setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_l   public abstract setMultiLine(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_lb  public abstract canOpenPopup(java.lang.Object)
  eval_m   public abstract isCheckable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_m4  public abstract getLabeledBy(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public abstract isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public abstract getLiveRegion(java.lang.Object)
  eval_p   public abstract isVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public abstract isLongClickable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public abstract setCanOpenPopup(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_r   public abstract isContentInvalid(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s   public abstract getLabelFor(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s3  public abstract getTextSelectionEnd(java.lang.Object)
  eval_sp  public abstract isMultiLine(java.lang.Object)
  eval_t   public abstract isCollectionItemHeading(java.lang.Object)
  eval_u   public abstract isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_u   public abstract setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_v   public abstract getCollectionItemColumnSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public abstract isCollectionInfoHierarchical(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public abstract getParent(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public abstract setFocusable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_y   public abstract getCollectionItemColumnIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public abstract getCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public abstract setDismissable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  f        public abstract isFocusable(java.lang.Object)
  f        public abstract setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  f        public abstract setContentInvalid(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  g        public abstract isCollectionItemSelected(java.lang.Object)
  g        public abstract getBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  g        public abstract setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  g        public abstract removeAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  h        public abstract setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  h        public abstract setSelected(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  h        public abstract focusSearch(java.lang.Object,int)
  h        public abstract findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  i        public abstract newAccessibilityAction(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public abstract getAccessibilityActionId(java.lang.Object)
  j        public abstract getActions(java.lang.Object)
  j        public abstract setLabelFor(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  j        public abstract getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  j        public abstract setError(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public abstract addAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  k        public abstract getMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object)
  k        public abstract setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  k        public abstract findAccessibilityNodeInfosByViewId(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  l        public abstract getViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object)
  l        public abstract setInputType(java.lang.Object,int)
  l        public abstract setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  m        public abstract getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  m        public abstract addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  m        public abstract setAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  n        public abstract getAccessibilityActionLabel(java.lang.Object)
  n        public abstract performAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  n        public abstract setRangeInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  o        public abstract setMaxTextLength(java.lang.Object,int)
  p        public abstract obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  p        public abstract isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  q        public abstract isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  q        public abstract setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  r        public abstract obtain(android.view.View,int)
  r        public abstract getTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object)
  r        public abstract setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  r        public abstract setFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  s        public abstract getRangeInfo(java.lang.Object)
  s        public abstract setLabeledBy(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  s        public abstract setCheckable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  t        public abstract setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  u        public abstract getMaxTextLength(java.lang.Object)
  u        public abstract setVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  u        public abstract findFocus(java.lang.Object,int)
  v        public abstract getWindow(java.lang.Object)
  v        public abstract setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  w        public abstract obtain()
  w        public abstract isClickable(java.lang.Object)
  w        public abstract removeChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  w        public abstract setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  w        public abstract setTextSelection(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  x        public abstract getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  x        public abstract removeChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  x        public abstract setLabeledBy(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  x        public abstract setLiveRegion(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public abstract setText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  y        public abstract obtain(android.view.View)
  y        public abstract getTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object)
  y        public abstract setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  y        public abstract setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  z        public abstract obtain(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$u)
===============================================================================
  a        public performAction(java.lang.Object,int,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_j   public setMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_p   public isVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object)
  eval_u   public isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  h        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  h        public focusSearch(java.lang.Object,int)
  k        public getMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object)
  m        public addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  m        public setAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  r        public obtain(android.view.View,int)
  r        public setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  u        public setVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  u        public findFocus(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanMr1Impl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$o)
===============================================================================
  d        public setLabelFor(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_m4  public getLabeledBy(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s   public getLabelFor(java.lang.Object)
  j        public setLabelFor(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  s        public setLabeledBy(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  x        public setLabeledBy(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanMr2Impl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$f)
===============================================================================
  e        public isEditable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public setEditable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_fj  public getTextSelectionStart(java.lang.Object)
  eval_fq  public refresh(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s3  public getTextSelectionEnd(java.lang.Object)
  k        public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByViewId(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  l        public getViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object)
  w        public setTextSelection(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  y        public setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoKitKatImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$eval_g)
===============================================================================
  b        public obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  eval__8  public isDismissable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public getCollectionItemRowSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_c   public getCollectionInfoColumnCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_c_  public getInputType(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public getCollectionItemRowIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f4  public getExtras(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public getCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public getCollectionInfoRowCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public setMultiLine(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_lb  public canOpenPopup(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public getLiveRegion(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public setCanOpenPopup(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_r   public isContentInvalid(java.lang.Object)
  eval_sp  public isMultiLine(java.lang.Object)
  eval_t   public isCollectionItemHeading(java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public getCollectionItemColumnSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public isCollectionInfoHierarchical(java.lang.Object)
  eval_y   public getCollectionItemColumnIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public getCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public setDismissable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  f        public setContentInvalid(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  l        public setInputType(java.lang.Object,int)
  l        public setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  n        public setRangeInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  p        public obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  q        public setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  s        public getRangeInfo(java.lang.Object)
  x        public setLiveRegion(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoStubImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$eval_k)
===============================================================================
  a        public getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  a        public performAction(java.lang.Object,int,android.os.Bundle)
  b        public obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  b        public getError(java.lang.Object)
  b        public addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  b        public setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  b        public addAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  b        public setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  c        public isSelected(java.lang.Object)
  c        public setBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  c        public setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  c        public setLongClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  d        public setBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  d        public setLabelFor(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  e        public isEditable(java.lang.Object)
  eval__   public isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  eval__8  public isDismissable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_a   public getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public getCollectionItemRowSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_c   public getCollectionInfoColumnCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_c_  public getInputType(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public getCollectionItemRowIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public setEditable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_e   public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_e   public setClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_e   public setPackageName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_f   public isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f4  public getExtras(java.lang.Object)
  eval_fj  public getTextSelectionStart(java.lang.Object)
  eval_fq  public refresh(java.lang.Object)
  eval_g   public getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  eval_h   public getActionList(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public getCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public setMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_k   public getText(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public getCollectionInfoRowCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_l   public setMultiLine(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_lb  public canOpenPopup(java.lang.Object)
  eval_m   public isCheckable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_m4  public getLabeledBy(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public getLiveRegion(java.lang.Object)
  eval_p   public isVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public isLongClickable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public setCanOpenPopup(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_r   public isContentInvalid(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s   public getLabelFor(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s3  public getTextSelectionEnd(java.lang.Object)
  eval_sp  public isMultiLine(java.lang.Object)
  eval_t   public isCollectionItemHeading(java.lang.Object)
  eval_u   public isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_u   public setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_v   public getCollectionItemColumnSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public isCollectionInfoHierarchical(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public getParent(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public setFocusable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_y   public getCollectionItemColumnIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public getCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public setDismissable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  f        public isFocusable(java.lang.Object)
  f        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  f        public setContentInvalid(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  g        public isCollectionItemSelected(java.lang.Object)
  g        public getBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  g        public setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  g        public removeAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  h        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  h        public setSelected(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  h        public focusSearch(java.lang.Object,int)
  h        public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  i        public newAccessibilityAction(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public getAccessibilityActionId(java.lang.Object)
  j        public getActions(java.lang.Object)
  j        public setLabelFor(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  j        public getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  j        public setError(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public addAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  k        public getMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object)
  k        public setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  k        public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByViewId(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  l        public getViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object)
  l        public setInputType(java.lang.Object,int)
  l        public setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  m        public getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  m        public addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  m        public setAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  n        public getAccessibilityActionLabel(java.lang.Object)
  n        public performAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  n        public setRangeInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  o        public setMaxTextLength(java.lang.Object,int)
  p        public obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  p        public isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  q        public isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  q        public setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  r        public obtain(android.view.View,int)
  r        public getTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object)
  r        public setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  r        public setFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  s        public getRangeInfo(java.lang.Object)
  s        public setLabeledBy(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  s        public setCheckable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  t        public setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  u        public getMaxTextLength(java.lang.Object)
  u        public setVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  u        public findFocus(java.lang.Object,int)
  v        public getWindow(java.lang.Object)
  v        public setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  w        public obtain()
  w        public isClickable(java.lang.Object)
  w        public removeChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  w        public setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  w        public setTextSelection(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  x        public getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  x        public removeChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  x        public setLabeledBy(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  x        public setLiveRegion(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public setText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  y        public obtain(android.view.View)
  y        public getTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object)
  y        public setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  y        public setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  z        public obtain(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionInfoCompat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$n)
===============================================================================
  i    public getColumnCount()
  j    public getRowCount()
  o    public isHierarchical()
  p    public static obtain(int,int,boolean,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionItemInfoCompat       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$c)
===============================================================================
  c        public getColumnSpan()
  d        public isHeading()
  eval_r   public isSelected()
  i        public getColumnIndex()
  n        public getRowSpan()
  p        static access$300(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionItemInfoCompat)
  u        public static obtain(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  v        public getRowIndex()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$NullPointerException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$RangeInfoCompat        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zv$s)
===============================================================================
  m    public getMin()
  r    public getType()
  w    public getCurrent()
  y    public getMax()
  z    static access$600(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$RangeInfoCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xu)
===============================================================================
  a        static getAccessibilityActionLabel(java.lang.Object)
  c        public static getWindow(java.lang.Object)
  d        public static getError(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f   static getActionList(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public static removeChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  j        static newAccessibilityAction(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  m        public static getMaxTextLength(java.lang.Object)
  m        static addAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  n        public static removeChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  n        public static setError(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public static obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  s        static getAccessibilityActionId(java.lang.Object)
  u        public static removeAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  v        public static obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  z        public static setMaxTextLength(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$CollectionItemInfo        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xu$p)
===============================================================================
  k    public static isSelected(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$NullPointerException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi22   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fi)
===============================================================================
  e        public static setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_i   public static getTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object)
  k        public static setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  r        public static setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  v        public static setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  y        public static getTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi22$NullPointerException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatIcs     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wl)
===============================================================================
  b        public static isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  b        public static setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  b        public static performAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  d        public static isLongClickable(java.lang.Object)
  e        public static obtain(java.lang.Object)
  e        public static getBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  e        public static addAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_b   public static setFocusable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_e   public static isFocusable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f   public static recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public static setLongClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_n   public static isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  eval_t   public static isClickable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public static isSelected(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public static isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public static getParent(java.lang.Object)
  eval_y   public static setPackageName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  f        public static obtain()
  f        public static setSelected(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  g        public static obtain(android.view.View)
  g        public static getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  g        public static setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  h        public static getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  h        public static setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public static setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public static setText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  k        public static getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  l        public static getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  l        public static addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  m        public static isCheckable(java.lang.Object)
  n        public static isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static setFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  p        public static getActions(java.lang.Object)
  q        public static getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  q        public static setCheckable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  r        public static getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  r        public static setBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  r        public static setClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  s        public static isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  s        public static setBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  s        public static setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  s        public static findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  t        public static setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  w        public static getText(java.lang.Object)
  w        public static setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  x        public static getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public static setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatIcs$IOException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellyBean       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ve)
===============================================================================
  a    public static performAction(java.lang.Object,int,android.os.Bundle)
  e    public static isVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object)
  f    public static setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  g    public static findFocus(java.lang.Object,int)
  j    public static setVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  k    public static isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  n    public static obtain(android.view.View,int)
  o    public static setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  o    public static focusSearch(java.lang.Object,int)
  p    public static setAccesibilityFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  u    public static setMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object,int)
  y    public static getMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object)
  y    public static addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellyBean$Exception     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xi)
===============================================================================
  c    public static setLabelFor(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  g    public static getLabeledBy(java.lang.Object)
  h    public static setLabeledBy(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  r    public static getLabelFor(java.lang.Object)
  v    public static setLabeledBy(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  x    public static setLabelFor(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr1$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr2    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nb)
===============================================================================
  a    public static isEditable(java.lang.Object)
  a    public static setEditable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  b    public static getViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object)
  c    public static getTextSelectionEnd(java.lang.Object)
  e    public static findAccessibilityNodeInfosByViewId(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  f    public static refresh(java.lang.Object)
  i    public static setTextSelection(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  l    public static getTextSelectionStart(java.lang.Object)
  y    public static setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr2$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u7)
===============================================================================
  a        public static isDismissable(java.lang.Object)
  a        public static setMultiLine(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  b        static getRangeInfo(java.lang.Object)
  b        public static setCanOpenPopup(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_e   static getLiveRegion(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f   public static getExtras(java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public static obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  f        public static obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean)
  f        public static getInputType(java.lang.Object)
  i        static getCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  i        public static setInputType(java.lang.Object,int)
  j        public static setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  k        public static setContentInvalid(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  m        public static setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  n        static setLiveRegion(java.lang.Object,int)
  q        public static isMultiLine(java.lang.Object)
  r        static getCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  s        public static setRangeInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  t        public static isContentInvalid(java.lang.Object)
  u        public static canOpenPopup(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static setDismissable(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$CollectionInfo   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u7$f)
===============================================================================
  d    static getRowCount(java.lang.Object)
  e    static getColumnCount(java.lang.Object)
  w    static isHierarchical(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$CollectionItemInfo       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u7$u)
===============================================================================
  e    static getRowSpan(java.lang.Object)
  f    static isHeading(java.lang.Object)
  k    static getRowIndex(java.lang.Object)
  r    static getColumnSpan(java.lang.Object)
  s    static getColumnIndex(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$RangeInfo        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u7$q)
===============================================================================
  g    static getType(java.lang.Object)
  m    static getCurrent(java.lang.Object)
  n    static getMax(java.lang.Object)
  o    static getMin(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k9)
===============================================================================
  c        public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  eval_y   public findFocus(int)
  m        public getProvider()
  q        public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  w        public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k9$p)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k9$k)
===============================================================================
  a    public newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k9$k$1)
===============================================================================
  c    public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  h    public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  j    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl$IOException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k9$x)
===============================================================================
  a    public newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k9$x$1)
===============================================================================
  b        public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  eval_d   public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_f   public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  l        public findFocus(int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl$NullPointerException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderStubImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k9$eval_d)
===============================================================================
  a    public newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$Exception  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ko)
===============================================================================
  e    public static newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ko$1)
===============================================================================
  createAccessibilityNodeInfo      public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  performAction                    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ko$z)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  h    public abstract createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  j    public abstract performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xl)
===============================================================================
  t    public static newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xl$1)
===============================================================================
  createAccessibilityNodeInfo      public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  findFocus                        public findFocus(int)
  performAction                    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xl$s)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  eval_d   public abstract performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_f   public abstract findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  l        public abstract findFocus(int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$NullPointerException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ld)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x9)
===============================================================================
  a        public getWindowId()
  a        public setChecked(boolean)
  b        public setAddedCount(int)
  d        public setPassword(boolean)
  e        public isFullScreen()
  e        public setScrollable(boolean)
  eval_e   public recycle()
  eval_k   public getClassName()
  eval_l   public getText()
  eval_l   public setMaxScrollY(int)
  eval_o   public getAddedCount()
  eval_p   public getMaxScrollX()
  eval_q   public getCurrentItemIndex()
  eval_s   public static obtain(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat)
  eval_t   public getBeforeText()
  eval_u   public getParcelableData()
  eval_v   public getRemovedCount()
  eval_y   public setScrollY(int)
  eval_z   public getContentDescription()
  f        public setSource(android.view.View)
  g        public getToIndex()
  h        public isChecked()
  i        public setRemovedCount(int)
  i        public setBeforeText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public isScrollable()
  j        public setParcelableData(android.os.Parcelable)
  j        public setFullScreen(boolean)
  j        public setContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  k        public static obtain()
  k        public setFromIndex(int)
  l        public isPassword()
  m        public setScrollX(int)
  p        public getMaxScrollY()
  p        public setEnabled(boolean)
  p        public setToIndex(int)
  r        public isEnabled()
  r        public setClassName(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public getItemCount()
  t        public getScrollY()
  t        public setSource(android.view.View,int)
  u        public getFromIndex()
  v        public getImpl()
  v        public setMaxScrollX(int)
  w        public getScrollX()
  w        public setCurrentItemIndex(int)
  x        public getSource()
  x        public setItemCount(int)
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordIcsImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x9$c)
===============================================================================
  a        public getCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object)
  b        public setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  b        public setItemCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  c        public isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  c        public setFullScreen(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  c        public setFromIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  d        public getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  e        public setBeforeText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_a   public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public getScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  eval_g   public isFullScreen(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public getRemovedCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public getToIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_p   public setScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_q   public getItemCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_u   public getSource(java.lang.Object)
  f        public setToIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  g        public obtain()
  g        public getBeforeText(java.lang.Object)
  j        public getText(java.lang.Object)
  k        public getScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  l        public getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  m        public obtain(java.lang.Object)
  n        public getFromIndex(java.lang.Object)
  n        public setRemovedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  o        public getAddedCount(java.lang.Object)
  p        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  p        public setCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  r        public isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  r        public setAddedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  u        public setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  v        public setParcelableData(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcelable)
  v        public setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  v        public setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  w        public isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  w        public setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  w        public setScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public getParcelableData(java.lang.Object)
  y        public getClassName(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordIcsMr1Impl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x9$z)
===============================================================================
  a        public setMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_e   public getMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  i        public getMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  z        public setMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x9$g)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object)
  a        public abstract setMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  b        public abstract setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  b        public abstract setItemCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  c        public abstract isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  c        public abstract setFullScreen(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  c        public abstract setFromIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  d        public abstract getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  e        public abstract setBeforeText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_a   public abstract recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public abstract isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public abstract getScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  eval_e   public abstract getMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  eval_g   public abstract isFullScreen(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public abstract getRemovedCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public abstract getToIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public abstract setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_p   public abstract setScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_q   public abstract getItemCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_u   public abstract getSource(java.lang.Object)
  f        public abstract setToIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  g        public abstract obtain()
  g        public abstract getBeforeText(java.lang.Object)
  i        public abstract getMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  j        public abstract getText(java.lang.Object)
  k        public abstract getScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  l        public abstract getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  m        public abstract obtain(java.lang.Object)
  n        public abstract getFromIndex(java.lang.Object)
  n        public abstract setRemovedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  o        public abstract getAddedCount(java.lang.Object)
  p        public abstract setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  p        public abstract setCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  r        public abstract isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  r        public abstract setAddedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  s        public abstract setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  u        public abstract setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  v        public abstract setParcelableData(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcelable)
  v        public abstract setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  v        public abstract setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  w        public abstract isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  w        public abstract setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  w        public abstract setScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public abstract getParcelableData(java.lang.Object)
  y        public abstract getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  z        public abstract setMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordJellyBeanImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x9$m)
===============================================================================
  s    public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordStubImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x9$t)
===============================================================================
  a        public getCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object)
  a        public setMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  b        public setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  b        public setItemCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  c        public isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  c        public setFullScreen(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  c        public setFromIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  d        public getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  e        public setBeforeText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_a   public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public getScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  eval_e   public getMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  eval_g   public isFullScreen(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public getRemovedCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public getToIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_p   public setScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_q   public getItemCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_u   public getSource(java.lang.Object)
  f        public setToIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  g        public obtain()
  g        public getBeforeText(java.lang.Object)
  i        public getMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  j        public getText(java.lang.Object)
  k        public getScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  l        public getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  m        public obtain(java.lang.Object)
  n        public getFromIndex(java.lang.Object)
  n        public setRemovedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  o        public getAddedCount(java.lang.Object)
  p        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  p        public setCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  r        public isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  r        public setAddedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  s        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  u        public setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  v        public setParcelableData(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcelable)
  v        public setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  v        public setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  w        public isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  w        public setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  w        public setScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public getParcelableData(java.lang.Object)
  y        public getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  z        public setMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$IOException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xa)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcs       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ep)
===============================================================================
  a        public static isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  b        public static getBeforeText(java.lang.Object)
  b        public static setFromIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_b   public static getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  eval_c   public static isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public static setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_h   public static getText(java.lang.Object)
  eval_m   public static getSource(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s   public static setScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_y   public static getCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public static isFullScreen(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static getRemovedCount(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  g        public static getItemCount(java.lang.Object)
  h        public static getAddedCount(java.lang.Object)
  i        public static setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public static getScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  j        public static setParcelableData(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcelable)
  k        public static getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  k        public static setFullScreen(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  m        public static obtain(java.lang.Object)
  m        public static setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  n        public static setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  n        public static setRemovedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  o        public static isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static setScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  q        public static setToIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  r        public static recycle(java.lang.Object)
  s        public static isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  s        public static setItemCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  s        public static setBeforeText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  t        public static setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  t        public static setCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  u        public static getScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static getFromIndex(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static setAddedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public static obtain()
  x        public static getParcelableData(java.lang.Object)
  y        public static getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  y        public static setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  z        public static getToIndex(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcsMr1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ki)
===============================================================================
  eval_c   public static setMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  f        public static getMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  u        public static getMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static setMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcsMr1$Exception  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ns)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatJellyBean (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xf)
===============================================================================
  p    public static setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatJellyBean$ParseException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityWindowInfoCompat      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qn)
===============================================================================
  a        public getParent()
  eval_g   public isFocused()
  eval_o   public getId()
  eval_q   public static obtain()
  eval_t   public getChildCount()
  eval_x   private static typeToString(int)
  g        public static obtain(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityWindowInfoCompat)
  g        static wrapNonNullInstance(java.lang.Object)
  h        public isAccessibilityFocused()
  m        public getLayer()
  m        public getBoundsInScreen(android.graphics.Rect)
  t        public getRoot()
  v        public isActive()
  w        public getType()
  w        public getChild(int)
  y        public recycle()
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityWindowInfoCompat$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qn$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityWindowInfoCompat$AccessibilityWindowInfoApi21Impl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qn$w)
===============================================================================
  a        public getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  d        public isActive(java.lang.Object)
  e        public obtain()
  eval_i   public getId(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public getLayer(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public getRoot(java.lang.Object)
  g        public getType(java.lang.Object)
  h        public getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  l        public getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  o        public getParent(java.lang.Object)
  p        public isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  x        public obtain(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityWindowInfoCompat$AccessibilityWindowInfoImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qn$a)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  d        public abstract isActive(java.lang.Object)
  e        public abstract obtain()
  eval_i   public abstract getId(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public abstract recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public abstract getLayer(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public abstract isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public abstract getRoot(java.lang.Object)
  g        public abstract getType(java.lang.Object)
  h        public abstract getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  l        public abstract getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  o        public abstract getParent(java.lang.Object)
  p        public abstract isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  x        public abstract obtain(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityWindowInfoCompat$AccessibilityWindowInfoStubImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qn$i)
===============================================================================
  a        public getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  d        public isActive(java.lang.Object)
  e        public obtain()
  eval_i   public getId(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public getLayer(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public getRoot(java.lang.Object)
  g        public getType(java.lang.Object)
  h        public getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  l        public getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  o        public getParent(java.lang.Object)
  p        public isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  x        public obtain(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityWindowInfoCompat$ParseException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ba)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityWindowInfoCompatApi21 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cu)
===============================================================================
  a        public static obtain()
  a        public static getId(java.lang.Object)
  b        public static getParent(java.lang.Object)
  d        public static getRoot(java.lang.Object)
  eval_c   public static isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_h   public static isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public static recycle(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static obtain(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  m        public static isActive(java.lang.Object)
  n        public static getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  r        public static getType(java.lang.Object)
  u        public static getLayer(java.lang.Object)
  x        public static getChildCount(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityWindowInfoCompatApi21$ParseException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.animation.FastOutLinearInInterpolator    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a4)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public volatile getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.view.animation.FastOutLinearInInterpolator$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.animation.FastOutSlowInInterpolator      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w_)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public volatile getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.view.animation.FastOutSlowInInterpolator$Exception    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.animation.LinearOutSlowInInterpolator    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qr)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public volatile getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.view.animation.LinearOutSlowInInterpolator$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.animation.LookupTableInterpolator        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hn)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.view.animation.LookupTableInterpolator$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ek)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ib)
===============================================================================
  eval_t   public static create(float,float)
  n        public static create(android.graphics.Path)
  q        public static create(float,float,float,float)

android.support.v4.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompatApi21    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y4)
===============================================================================
  w    public static create(float,float)
  w    public static create(float,float,float,float)
  x    public static create(android.graphics.Path)

android.support.v4.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompatBase     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tu)
===============================================================================
  d    public static create(android.graphics.Path)
  g    public static create(float,float)
  p    public static create(float,float,float,float)

android.support.v4.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompatBase$NullPointerException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ts)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.animation.PathInterpolatorDonut  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_po)
===============================================================================
  i                private static createCubic(float,float,float,float)
  s                private static createQuad(float,float)
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.view.animation.PathInterpolatorDonut$NullPointerException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_um)
===============================================================================
  a        static access$502(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper,boolean)
  a        private getEdgeValue(float,float,float,float)
  b        static access$400(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  b        public setMaximumEdges(float,float)
  c        public setRelativeEdges(float,float)
  c        public setActivationDelay(int)
  c        static access$800(int,int,int)
  eval_b   private shouldAnimate()
  eval_b   private static constrain(float,float,float)
  eval_f   public setRampDownDuration(int)
  eval_g   private startAnimating()
  eval_l   static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  eval_l   public setMaximumVelocity(float,float)
  eval_o   private cancelTargetTouch()
  eval_r   static access$900(float,float,float)
  eval_u   static access$700(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  f        static access$202(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper,boolean)
  f        public setEnabled(boolean)
  f        public setMinimumVelocity(float,float)
  g        private static constrain(int,int,int)
  i        static access$600(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  i        public abstract canTargetScrollVertically(int)
  n        public setExclusive(boolean)
  o        public setRelativeVelocity(float,float)
  o        public abstract scrollTargetBy(int,int)
  p        static access$500(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  p        public setEdgeType(int)
  r        public isExclusive()
  r        private computeTargetVelocity(int,float,float,float)
  s        public abstract canTargetScrollHorizontally(int)
  u        private requestStop()
  v        public isEnabled()
  v        static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  w        private constrainEdgeValue(float,float)
  w        public setRampUpDuration(int)
  y        static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  y        static access$102(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper,boolean)
  onTouch  public onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_um$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ClampedScroller       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_um$d)
===============================================================================
  d        public getVerticalDirection()
  eval_l   public getDeltaX()
  eval_p   public isFinished()
  eval_v   public setTargetVelocity(float,float)
  i        public setRampDownDuration(int)
  l        public requestStop()
  n        public start()
  n        public setRampUpDuration(int)
  t        public getHorizontalDirection()
  t        private interpolateValue(float)
  u        private getValueAt(long)
  w        public computeScrollDelta()
  y        public getDeltaY()

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ScrollAnimationRunnable       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_um$b)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yq)
===============================================================================
  eval_l               public setAnimationListener(android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  f                    static access$000(android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView)
  p                    private elevationSupported()
  q                    static access$002(android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView,int)
  r                    public setBackgroundColorRes(int)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd()
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart()
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)
  setBackgroundColor   public setBackgroundColor(int)

android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView$OvalShadow     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yq$n)
===============================================================================
  draw public draw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)

android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n6)
===============================================================================
  j    public static setButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  n    public static getButtonDrawable(android.widget.CompoundButton)
  q    public static getButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton)
  t    public static getButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton)
  t    public static setButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)

android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api23CompoundButtonImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n6$p)
===============================================================================
  z    public getButtonDrawable(android.widget.CompoundButton)

android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$BaseCompoundButtonCompat  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n6$d)
===============================================================================
  b        public setButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  c        public setButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  eval_s   public getButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton)
  o        public getButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton)
  z        public getButtonDrawable(android.widget.CompoundButton)

android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$CompoundButtonCompatImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n6$q)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract setButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  c        public abstract setButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  eval_s   public abstract getButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton)
  o        public abstract getButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton)
  z        public abstract getButtonDrawable(android.widget.CompoundButton)

android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$LollipopCompoundButtonImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n6$a)
===============================================================================
  b        public setButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  c        public setButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  eval_s   public getButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton)
  o        public getButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton)

android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompatApi23      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a7)
===============================================================================
  d    static getButtonDrawable(android.widget.CompoundButton)

android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompatApi23$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompatDonut      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ng)
===============================================================================
  a    static setButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  j    static getButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton)
  l    static getButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton)
  x    static getButtonDrawable(android.widget.CompoundButton)
  z    static setButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)

android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompatDonut$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompatLollipop   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h_)
===============================================================================
  j    static setButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  j    static setButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  p    static getButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton)
  t    static getButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton)

android.support.v4.widget.CompoundButtonCompatLollipop$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pj)
===============================================================================
  b                    static access$102(android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar,long)
  c                    static access$002(android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar,boolean)
  d                    static access$202(android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar,boolean)
  i                    public hide()
  l                    public show()
  q                    private removeCallbacks()
  x                    static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar)
  onAttachedToWindow   public onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow public onDetachedFromWindow()

android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pj$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$2    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pj$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e9)
===============================================================================
  a                public runQueryOnBackgroundThread(java.lang.CharSequence)
  c                protected onContentChanged()
  e                public getCursor()
  g                public convertToString(android.database.Cursor)
  j                init(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,int)
  k                public getFilterQueryProvider()
  k                public swapCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  s                protected init(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,boolean)
  v                public newDropDownView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  x                public abstract bindView(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor)
  x                public setFilterQueryProvider(android.widget.FilterQueryProvider)
  y                public abstract newView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  z                public changeCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  getCount         public getCount()
  getDropDownView  public getDropDownView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getFilter        public getFilter()
  getItem          public getItem(int)
  getItemId        public getItemId(int)
  getView          public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  hasStableIds     public hasStableIds()

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e9$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$ChangeObserver   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e9$l)
===============================================================================
  deliverSelfNotifications public deliverSelfNotifications()
  onChange                 public onChange(boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$MyDataSetObserver        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e9$j)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kn)
===============================================================================
  convertResultToString    public convertResultToString(java.lang.Object)
  performFiltering         protected performFiltering(java.lang.CharSequence)
  publishResults           protected publishResults(java.lang.CharSequence,android.widget.Filter$FilterResults)

android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter$CursorFilterClient        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kn$i)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract runQueryOnBackgroundThread(java.lang.CharSequence)
  e    public abstract getCursor()
  g    public abstract convertToString(android.database.Cursor)
  z    public abstract changeCursor(android.database.Cursor)

android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0)
===============================================================================
  a                                private resolveShadowDrawables()
  a                                public getDrawerLockMode(android.view.View)
  b                                public getDrawerElevation()
  b                                private mirror(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  b                                public addDrawerListener(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener)
  b                                private static includeChildForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  b                                static gravityToString(int)
  c                                public closeDrawers()
  c                                public setDrawerLockMode(int,int)
  d                                public removeDrawerListener(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener)
  e                                public setScrimColor(int)
  e                                public setDrawerTitle(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_c                           private hasPeekingDrawer()
  eval_h                           private findVisibleDrawer()
  eval_j                           public isDrawerVisible(android.view.View)
  eval_o                           static access$700(android.view.View)
  eval_p                           isDrawerView(android.view.View)
  eval_p                           public isDrawerVisible(int)
  eval_r                           dispatchOnDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  eval_s                           public isDrawerOpen(int)
  eval_t                           getDrawerViewAbsoluteGravity(android.view.View)
  eval_u                           static access$400()
  eval_u                           public setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
  eval_x                           private static hasOpaqueBackground(android.view.View)
  f                                static access$600(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout)
  f                                public getDrawerTitle(int)
  g                                private hasVisibleDrawer()
  h                                public isDrawerOpen(android.view.View)
  h                                public setChildInsets(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j                                findOpenDrawer()
  k                                public openDrawer(android.view.View)
  k                                public openDrawer(int)
  l                                public setDrawerLockMode(int)
  m                                private resolveLeftShadow()
  m                                public setDrawerListener(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener)
  m                                moveDrawerToOffset(android.view.View,float)
  n                                getDrawerViewOffset(android.view.View)
  n                                public setDrawerElevation(float)
  o                                public setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  o                                public setDrawerShadow(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  o                                dispatchOnDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  o                                setDrawerViewOffset(android.view.View,float)
  o                                closeDrawers(boolean)
  o                                public closeDrawer(int)
  s                                public closeDrawer(android.view.View)
  s                                public getDrawerLockMode(int)
  s                                public setDrawerLockMode(int,android.view.View)
  v                                public getStatusBarBackgroundDrawable()
  v                                isContentView(android.view.View)
  v                                findDrawerWithGravity(int)
  v                                updateDrawerState(int,int,android.view.View)
  w                                cancelChildViewTouch()
  w                                private updateChildrenImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,boolean)
  w                                dispatchOnDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)
  w                                checkDrawerViewAbsoluteGravity(android.view.View,int)
  x                                private resolveRightShadow()
  y                                public setStatusBarBackground(int)
  z                                static access$500()
  z                                public setDrawerShadow(int,int)
  addFocusables                    public addFocusables(java.util.ArrayList,int,int)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  computeScroll                    public computeScroll()
  drawChild                        protected drawChild(android.graphics.Canvas,android.view.View,long)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onAttachedToWindow               protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onDraw                           public onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInterceptTouchEvent            public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onKeyDown                        public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyUp                          public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState           protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onRtlPropertiesChanged           public onRtlPropertiesChanged(int)
  onSaveInstanceState              protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent   public requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)
  requestLayout                    public requestLayout()

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$AccessibilityDelegate     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$w)
===============================================================================
  i    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  l    private addChildrenForAccessibility(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat,android.view.ViewGroup)
  l    public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  o    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  q    private copyNodeInfoNoChildren(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  t    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ChildAccessibilityDelegate        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$_)
===============================================================================
  o    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImpl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$k)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract getTopInset(java.lang.Object)
  l    public abstract getDefaultStatusBarBackground(android.content.Context)
  l    public abstract dispatchChildInsets(android.view.View,java.lang.Object,int)
  m    public abstract applyMarginInsets(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,java.lang.Object,int)
  u    public abstract configureApplyInsets(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImplApi21       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$h)
===============================================================================
  a    public getTopInset(java.lang.Object)
  l    public getDefaultStatusBarBackground(android.content.Context)
  l    public dispatchChildInsets(android.view.View,java.lang.Object,int)
  m    public applyMarginInsets(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,java.lang.Object,int)
  u    public configureApplyInsets(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImplBase        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$y)
===============================================================================
  a    public getTopInset(java.lang.Object)
  l    public getDefaultStatusBarBackground(android.content.Context)
  l    public dispatchChildInsets(android.view.View,java.lang.Object,int)
  m    public applyMarginInsets(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,java.lang.Object,int)
  u    public configureApplyInsets(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$d)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract onDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public abstract onDrawerStateChanged(int)
  l        public abstract onDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  v        public abstract onDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_at)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LayoutParams      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$n)
===============================================================================
  e        static access$000(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LayoutParams)
  eval_e   static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LayoutParams)
  l        static access$202(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LayoutParams,boolean)
  l        static access$002(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LayoutParams,float)
  r        static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LayoutParams)
  v        static access$176(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LayoutParams,int)
  z        static access$102(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LayoutParams,int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$b)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$b$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_so)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SimpleDrawerListener      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$x)
===============================================================================
  c        public onDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public onDrawerStateChanged(int)
  l        public onDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  v        public onDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$eval_a)
===============================================================================
  eval_x   public clampViewPositionVertical(android.view.View,int,int)
  f        public tryCaptureView(android.view.View,int)
  f        public onViewDragStateChanged(int)
  f        public onEdgeTouched(int,int)
  m        public getViewHorizontalDragRange(android.view.View)
  m        public onEdgeDragStarted(int,int)
  p        public setDragger(android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper)
  r        public removeCallbacks()
  s        public onEdgeLock(int)
  t        public onViewReleased(android.view.View,float,float)
  v        private peekDrawer()
  v        public onViewCaptured(android.view.View,int)
  x        private closeOtherDrawer()
  x        public clampViewPositionHorizontal(android.view.View,int,int)
  y        public onViewPositionChanged(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  z        static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0$eval_a$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback$NullPointerException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ks)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bi)
===============================================================================
  e    public static applyMarginInsets(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,java.lang.Object,int)
  n    public static getDefaultStatusBarBackground(android.content.Context)
  n    public static getTopInset(java.lang.Object)
  o    public static configureApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  x    public static dispatchChildInsets(android.view.View,java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21$InsetsListener (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bi$g)
===============================================================================
  onApplyWindowInsets  public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o3)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract setChildInsets(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutImpl$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ym)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bh)
===============================================================================
  eval__   public finish()
  eval_t   public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  g        public onRelease()
  v        public onPull(float,float)
  w        public isFinished()
  x        public onPull(float)
  x        public setSize(int,int)
  y        public onAbsorb(int)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$BaseEdgeEffectImpl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bh$p)
===============================================================================
  f    public isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  f    public onPull(java.lang.Object,float,float)
  l    public onAbsorb(java.lang.Object,int)
  n    public draw(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Canvas)
  n    public onPull(java.lang.Object,float)
  s    public setSize(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  u    public onRelease(java.lang.Object)
  y    public newEdgeEffect(android.content.Context)
  y    public finish(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectIcsImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bh$g)
===============================================================================
  f    public isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  f    public onPull(java.lang.Object,float,float)
  l    public onAbsorb(java.lang.Object,int)
  n    public draw(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Canvas)
  n    public onPull(java.lang.Object,float)
  s    public setSize(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  u    public onRelease(java.lang.Object)
  y    public newEdgeEffect(android.content.Context)
  y    public finish(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bh$l)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  f    public abstract onPull(java.lang.Object,float,float)
  l    public abstract onAbsorb(java.lang.Object,int)
  n    public abstract draw(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Canvas)
  n    public abstract onPull(java.lang.Object,float)
  s    public abstract setSize(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  u    public abstract onRelease(java.lang.Object)
  y    public abstract newEdgeEffect(android.content.Context)
  y    public abstract finish(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectLollipopImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bh$d)
===============================================================================
  f    public onPull(java.lang.Object,float,float)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatIcs    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hi)
===============================================================================
  c    public static onRelease(java.lang.Object)
  g    public static onAbsorb(java.lang.Object,int)
  i    public static newEdgeEffect(android.content.Context)
  l    public static setSize(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  r    public static draw(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Canvas)
  s    public static isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  t    public static finish(java.lang.Object)
  v    public static onPull(java.lang.Object,float)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatIcs$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatLollipop       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oo)
===============================================================================
  f    public static onPull(java.lang.Object,float,float)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatLollipop$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ey)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vj)
===============================================================================
  a        private clearAccessibilityFocus(int)
  b        protected abstract onPopulateNodeForVirtualView(int,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  c        private createNode(int)
  d        public invalidateRoot()
  d        public dispatchHoverEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  e        protected abstract getVisibleVirtualViews(java.util.List)
  eval_d   private manageFocusForChild(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_g   public onPopulateNodeForHost(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  eval_u   private performActionForHost(int,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_v   private isAccessibilityFocused(int)
  f        private createEventForChild(int,int)
  g        private requestAccessibilityFocus(int)
  g        public sendEventForVirtualView(int,int)
  h        public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  i        protected abstract onPerformActionForVirtualView(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  j        static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper,int)
  l        private updateHoveredVirtualView(int)
  m        private createNodeForChild(int)
  o        private createEventForHost(int)
  o        protected abstract onPopulateEventForVirtualView(int,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  p        protected abstract getVirtualViewAt(float,float)
  q        private performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  r        private performActionForChild(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  t        private createEvent(int,int)
  u        private createNodeForHost()
  u        private intersectVisibleToUser(android.graphics.Rect)
  w        public invalidateVirtualView(int)
  y        public getFocusedVirtualView()
  z        static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper,int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vj$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$ExploreByTouchNodeProvider        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vj$c)
===============================================================================
  q    public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  w    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gt)
===============================================================================
  eval_t   public static createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$BaseListPopupWindowImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gt$b)
===============================================================================
  eval_p   public createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$KitKatListPopupWindowImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gt$g)
===============================================================================
  eval_p   public createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$ListPopupWindowImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gt$u)
===============================================================================
  eval_p   public abstract createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompatKitKat    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__b)
===============================================================================
  g    public static createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompatKitKat$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ListViewAutoScrollHelper       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l3)
===============================================================================
  i    public canTargetScrollVertically(int)
  o    public scrollTargetBy(int,int)
  s    public canTargetScrollHorizontally(int)

android.support.v4.widget.ListViewAutoScrollHelper$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ListViewCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cm)
===============================================================================
  p    public static scrollListBy(android.widget.ListView,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ListViewCompat$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ly)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ListViewCompatDonut    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i8)
===============================================================================
  m    static scrollListBy(android.widget.ListView,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ListViewCompatDonut$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ListViewCompatKitKat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qh)
===============================================================================
  eval_u   static scrollListBy(android.widget.ListView,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ListViewCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ji)
===============================================================================
  d                    private updateRingColor(float,android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring)
  d                    public setStartEndTrim(float,float)
  f                    static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable,float,android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring)
  h                    public transient setColorSchemeColors(int[])
  i                    private getMinProgressArc(android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring)
  i                    public updateSizes(int)
  j                    private setSizeParameters(double,double,double,double,float,float)
  k                    static access$000(android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable,float,android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring)
  l                    static access$400(android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable)
  m                    public setProgressRotation(float)
  o                    static access$300()
  o                    static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable,android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring)
  o                    public setBackgroundColor(int)
  p                    public setArrowScale(float)
  s                    static access$402(android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable,float)
  t                    private getRotation()
  t                    public showArrow(boolean)
  t                    private applyFinishTranslation(float,android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring)
  w                    private setupAnimators()
  x                    setRotation(float)
  y                    private evaluateColorChange(float,int,int)
  draw                 public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getAlpha             public getAlpha()
  getIntrinsicHeight   public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth    public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getOpacity           public getOpacity()
  isRunning            public isRunning()
  setAlpha             public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter       public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  start                public start()
  stop                 public stop()

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ji$1)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$2     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ji$2)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$3     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ji$3)
===============================================================================
  invalidateDrawable   public invalidateDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  scheduleDrawable     public scheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  unscheduleDrawable   public unscheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$ProgressDrawableSize  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ji$n)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ji$o)
===============================================================================
  a        public getStartTrim()
  b        public goToNextColor()
  d        private getNextColorIndex()
  d        public setAlpha(int)
  eval_e   public getStartingRotation()
  eval_q   public getStartingColor()
  eval_s   public storeOriginals()
  eval_t   public getRotation()
  eval_w   public getInsets()
  eval_x   private invalidateSelf()
  f        public resetOriginals()
  f        public setShowArrow(boolean)
  g        public getCenterRadius()
  j        public getStartingEndTrim()
  k        public getEndTrim()
  k        public setRotation(float)
  m        public getStrokeWidth()
  n        public setStartTrim(float)
  n        public setColorIndex(int)
  o        public getStartingStartTrim()
  o        public setCenterRadius(double)
  o        public setArrowScale(float)
  q        public getAlpha()
  q        public setStrokeWidth(float)
  r        public setEndTrim(float)
  s        public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  t        public draw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Rect)
  t        private drawTriangle(android.graphics.Canvas,float,float,android.graphics.Rect)
  w        public setArrowDimensions(float,float)
  x        public setColors(int[])
  y        public getNextColor()
  y        public setBackgroundColor(int)
  y        public setInsets(int,int)
  z        public setColor(int)

android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vf)
===============================================================================
  a                                private getScrollRange()
  a                                private isWithinDeltaOfScreen(android.view.View,int,int)
  c                                public setFillViewport(boolean)
  c                                private findFocusableViewInBounds(boolean,int,int)
  e                                public executeKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  eval_u                           private flingWithNestedDispatch(int)
  eval_x                           private recycleVelocityTracker()
  g                                public isSmoothScrollingEnabled()
  g                                private doScrollY(int)
  h                                public setSmoothScrollingEnabled(boolean)
  i                                public fullScroll(int)
  k                                private scrollToChildRect(android.graphics.Rect,boolean)
  k                                overScrollByCompat(int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,boolean)
  m                                private endDrag()
  m                                static access$000(android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView)
  m                                private inChild(int,int)
  o                                private initOrResetVelocityTracker()
  o                                private isOffScreen(android.view.View)
  o                                public final smoothScrollTo(int,int)
  p                                private initVelocityTrackerIfNotExists()
  p                                public fling(int)
  r                                protected computeScrollDeltaToGetChildRectOnScreen(android.graphics.Rect)
  r                                public arrowScroll(int)
  s                                private canScroll()
  s                                private static clamp(int,int,int)
  t                                private initScrollView()
  u                                public getMaxScrollAmount()
  u                                private scrollAndFocus(int,int,int)
  v                                private getVerticalScrollFactorCompat()
  w                                private onSecondaryPointerUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
  x                                private scrollToChild(android.view.View)
  x                                private static isViewDescendantOf(android.view.View,android.view.View)
  y                                private ensureGlows()
  y                                public setOnScrollChangeListener(android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$OnScrollChangeListener)
  y                                public final smoothScrollBy(int,int)
  z                                public isFillViewport()
  z                                public pageScroll(int)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,int)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  computeHorizontalScrollExtent    public computeHorizontalScrollExtent()
  computeHorizontalScrollOffset    public computeHorizontalScrollOffset()
  computeHorizontalScrollRange     public computeHorizontalScrollRange()
  computeScroll                    public computeScroll()
  computeVerticalScrollExtent      public computeVerticalScrollExtent()
  computeVerticalScrollOffset      public computeVerticalScrollOffset()
  computeVerticalScrollRange       public computeVerticalScrollRange()
  dispatchKeyEvent                 public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  dispatchNestedFling              public dispatchNestedFling(float,float,boolean)
  dispatchNestedPreFling           public dispatchNestedPreFling(float,float)
  dispatchNestedPreScroll          public dispatchNestedPreScroll(int,int,int[],int[])
  dispatchNestedScroll             public dispatchNestedScroll(int,int,int,int,int[])
  draw                             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getBottomFadingEdgeStrength      protected getBottomFadingEdgeStrength()
  getNestedScrollAxes              public getNestedScrollAxes()
  getTopFadingEdgeStrength         protected getTopFadingEdgeStrength()
  hasNestedScrollingParent         public hasNestedScrollingParent()
  isNestedScrollingEnabled         public isNestedScrollingEnabled()
  measureChild                     protected measureChild(android.view.View,int,int)
  measureChildWithMargins          protected measureChildWithMargins(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  onAttachedToWindow               public onAttachedToWindow()
  onGenericMotionEvent             public onGenericMotionEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onInterceptTouchEvent            public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onNestedFling                    public onNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  onNestedPreFling                 public onNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
  onNestedPreScroll                public onNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[])
  onNestedScroll                   public onNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  onNestedScrollAccepted           public onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  onOverScrolled                   protected onOverScrolled(int,int,boolean,boolean)
  onRequestFocusInDescendants      protected onRequestFocusInDescendants(int,android.graphics.Rect)
  onRestoreInstanceState           protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState              protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onScrollChanged                  protected onScrollChanged(int,int,int,int)
  onSizeChanged                    protected onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
  onStartNestedScroll              public onStartNestedScroll(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  onStopNestedScroll               public onStopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  requestChildFocus                public requestChildFocus(android.view.View,android.view.View)
  requestChildRectangleOnScreen    public requestChildRectangleOnScreen(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect,boolean)
  requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent   public requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)
  requestLayout                    public requestLayout()
  scrollTo                         public scrollTo(int,int)
  setNestedScrollingEnabled        public setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
  shouldDelayChildPressedState     public shouldDelayChildPressedState()
  startNestedScroll                public startNestedScroll(int)
  stopNestedScroll                 public stopNestedScroll()

android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$AccessibilityDelegate (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vf$o)
===============================================================================
  g    public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  i    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  o    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)

android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$OnScrollChangeListener        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vf$i)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract onScrollChange(android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vf$w)
===============================================================================
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vf$w$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gl)
===============================================================================
  c    public static getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_py)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$BasePopupMenuImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gl$y)
===============================================================================
  m    public getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$KitKatPopupMenuImpl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gl$z)
===============================================================================
  m    public getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$PopupMenuImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gl$s)
===============================================================================
  m    public abstract getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompatKitKat  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pd)
===============================================================================
  h    public static getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompatKitKat$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oa)
===============================================================================
  j    public static setWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow,int)
  k    public static setOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
  q    public static getOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow)
  t    public static getWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow)
  w    public static showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api21PopupWindowImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oa$k)
===============================================================================
  d    public getOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow)
  w    public setOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23PopupWindowImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oa$o)
===============================================================================
  a    public setWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow,int)
  d    public getOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow)
  w    public setOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
  z    public getWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$BasePopupWindowImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oa$l)
===============================================================================
  a        public setWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow,int)
  d        public getOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow)
  eval_j   public showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)
  w        public setOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
  z        public getWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$GingerbreadPopupWindowImpl   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oa$q)
===============================================================================
  a    public setWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow,int)
  z    public getWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ah)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$KitKatPopupWindowImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oa$f)
===============================================================================
  eval_j   public showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$PopupWindowImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oa$r)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract setWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow,int)
  d        public abstract getOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow)
  eval_j   public abstract showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)
  w        public abstract setOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
  z        public abstract getWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatApi21 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hw)
===============================================================================
  g    static setOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
  h    static getOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatApi21$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_on)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatApi23 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xq)
===============================================================================
  h    static setWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow,int)
  k    static setOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
  r    static getOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow)
  t    static getWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatApi23$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatGingerbread   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q3)
===============================================================================
  m    static setWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow,int)
  s    static getWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatGingerbread$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatKitKat        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dq)
===============================================================================
  g    public static showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatKitKat$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hk)
===============================================================================
  eval_j   public setViewResource(int)
  v        public newDropDownView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  y        public newView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  y        public setDropDownViewResource(int)

android.support.v4.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ne)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ga)
===============================================================================
  b    public static create(android.content.Context)
  c    public computeScrollOffset()
  d    public static create(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  f    public getCurrY()
  f    public fling(int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  h    public startScroll(int,int,int,int,int)
  i    public abortAnimation()
  k    public getFinalX()
  l    public springBack(int,int,int,int,int,int)
  o    public getCurrX()
  p    public isOverScrolled()
  r    public getCurrVelocity()
  s    public getFinalY()
  s    public notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(int,int,int)
  v    public isFinished()
  w    public notifyVerticalEdgeReached(int,int,int)
  z    public startScroll(int,int,int,int)
  z    public fling(int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ga$q)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  b    public abstract isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  b    public abstract startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int)
  g    public abstract springBack(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  h    public abstract computeScrollOffset(java.lang.Object)
  i    public abstract createScroller(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  l    public abstract startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int)
  m    public abstract fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  n    public abstract notifyVerticalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  o    public abstract getCurrY(java.lang.Object)
  q    public abstract abortAnimation(java.lang.Object)
  s    public abstract notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  t    public abstract getFinalX(java.lang.Object)
  u    public abstract getFinalY(java.lang.Object)
  v    public abstract getCurrX(java.lang.Object)
  x    public abstract getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)
  y    public abstract isOverScrolled(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplBase  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ga$y)
===============================================================================
  a    public fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  b    public isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  b    public startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int)
  g    public springBack(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  h    public computeScrollOffset(java.lang.Object)
  i    public createScroller(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  l    public startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int)
  m    public fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  n    public notifyVerticalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  o    public getCurrY(java.lang.Object)
  q    public abortAnimation(java.lang.Object)
  s    public notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  t    public getFinalX(java.lang.Object)
  u    public getFinalY(java.lang.Object)
  v    public getCurrX(java.lang.Object)
  x    public getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)
  y    public isOverScrolled(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplGingerbread   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ga$o)
===============================================================================
  a    public fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  b    public isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  b    public startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int)
  g    public springBack(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  h    public computeScrollOffset(java.lang.Object)
  i    public createScroller(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  l    public startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int)
  m    public fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  n    public notifyVerticalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  o    public getCurrY(java.lang.Object)
  q    public abortAnimation(java.lang.Object)
  s    public notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  t    public getFinalX(java.lang.Object)
  u    public getFinalY(java.lang.Object)
  v    public getCurrX(java.lang.Object)
  x    public getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)
  y    public isOverScrolled(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplIcs   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ga$x)
===============================================================================
  x    public getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatGingerbread      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ez)
===============================================================================
  a        public static fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  c        public static isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  d        public static notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  e        public static computeScrollOffset(java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public static isOverScrolled(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int)
  f        public static startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int)
  h        public static getFinalY(java.lang.Object)
  l        public static fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  m        public static springBack(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  n        public static getFinalX(java.lang.Object)
  q        public static getCurrY(java.lang.Object)
  s        public static getCurrX(java.lang.Object)
  x        public static createScroller(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  y        public static notifyVerticalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  z        public static abortAnimation(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatGingerbread$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatIcs      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ex)
===============================================================================
  f    public static getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatIcs$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg)
===============================================================================
  a        public static setInputType(android.view.View,int)
  eval_r   public static isIconified(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public static setOnCloseListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat)
  f        public static isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  f        public static setOnQueryTextListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat)
  g        static access$000()
  h        public static setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  j        public static setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  l        public static getQuery(android.view.View)
  o        public static setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)
  p        public static setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public static setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  t        public static newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  t        public static isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  v        public static setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  y        public static setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  z        public static setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg$u)
===============================================================================
  p    public onClose()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg$k)
===============================================================================
  r    public onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  z    public onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_js)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg$_)
===============================================================================
  d        public newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  e        public setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  eval_q   public isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  f        public setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  i        public setOnCloseListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  k        public setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)
  l        public setOnQueryTextListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  n        public isIconified(android.view.View)
  o        public setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  p        public setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  q        public setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  s        public isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  v        public setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  w        public newOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat)
  x        public newOnCloseListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat)
  y        public getQuery(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg$_$1)
===============================================================================
  t    public onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  u    public onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$2       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg$_$2)
===============================================================================
  g    public onClose()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$ParseException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatIcsImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg$w)
===============================================================================
  d    public newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  x    public setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  y    public setInputType(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg$i)
===============================================================================
  d        public abstract newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  e        public abstract setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  eval_q   public abstract isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  f        public abstract setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  i        public abstract setOnCloseListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  k        public abstract setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)
  l        public abstract setOnQueryTextListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  n        public abstract isIconified(android.view.View)
  o        public abstract setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  p        public abstract setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  q        public abstract setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  s        public abstract isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  v        public abstract setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  w        public abstract newOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat)
  x        public abstract newOnCloseListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat)
  x        public abstract setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  y        public abstract getQuery(android.view.View)
  y        public abstract setInputType(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatStubImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qg$d)
===============================================================================
  d        public newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  e        public setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  eval_q   public isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  f        public setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  i        public setOnCloseListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  k        public setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)
  l        public setOnQueryTextListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  n        public isIconified(android.view.View)
  o        public setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  p        public setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  q        public setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  s        public isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  v        public setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  w        public newOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat)
  x        public newOnCloseListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat)
  x        public setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  y        public getQuery(android.view.View)
  y        public setInputType(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z5)
===============================================================================
  c        public static isIconified(android.view.View)
  eval_p   public static setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  i        public static newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  k        public static getQuery(android.view.View)
  k        public static setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  k        public static setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  l        public static newOnCloseListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnCloseListenerCompatBridge)
  l        public static isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  m        public static setOnCloseListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  n        public static setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)
  n        public static setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  r        public static isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  r        public static setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  t        public static newOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnQueryTextListenerCompatBridge)
  w        public static setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  y        public static setOnQueryTextListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z5$1)
===============================================================================
  onQueryTextChange    public onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  onQueryTextSubmit    public onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$2    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z5$2)
===============================================================================
  onClose  public onClose()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnCloseListenerCompatBridge  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z5$y)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract onClose()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnQueryTextListenerCompatBridge      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z5$p)
===============================================================================
  t    public abstract onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  u    public abstract onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mf)
===============================================================================
  f    public static setInputType(android.view.View,int)
  l    public static setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  y    public static newSearchView(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs$MySearchView       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mf$_)
===============================================================================
  onActionViewCollapsed    public onActionViewCollapsed()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lc)
===============================================================================
  a        public getViewBinder()
  a        public setViewBinder(android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$ViewBinder)
  eval_x   public getCursorToStringConverter()
  f        public changeCursorAndColumns(android.database.Cursor,java.lang.String[],int[])
  g        public getStringConversionColumn()
  g        public convertToString(android.database.Cursor)
  j        public setStringConversionColumn(int)
  k        public swapCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  m        public setCursorToStringConverter(android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$CursorToStringConverter)
  r        private findColumns(java.lang.String[])
  s        public setViewImage(android.widget.ImageView,java.lang.String)
  u        public setViewText(android.widget.TextView,java.lang.String)
  x        public bindView(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor)

android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$CursorToStringConverter    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lc$f)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract convertToString(android.database.Cursor)

android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$ViewBinder (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lc$k)
===============================================================================
  q    public abstract setViewValue(android.view.View,android.database.Cursor,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi)
===============================================================================
  a                            updateObscuredViewsVisibility(android.view.View)
  a                            public setParallaxDistance(int)
  b                            public openPane()
  b                            public setShadowDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  b                            private openPane(android.view.View,int)
  c                            public getParallaxDistance()
  d                            public isOpen()
  d                            public setShadowDrawableRight(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  d                            static access$400(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  d                            private dimChildView(android.view.View,float,int)
  eval_k                       public setShadowResource(int)
  eval_u                       public smoothSlideClosed()
  eval_x                       private onPanelDragged(int)
  f                            public getSliderFadeColor()
  f                            private static viewIsOpaque(android.view.View)
  g                            public canSlide()
  g                            private invalidateChildRegion(android.view.View)
  h                            private parallaxOtherViews(float)
  i                            setAllChildrenVisible()
  i                            dispatchOnPanelSlide(android.view.View)
  i                            public setSliderFadeColor(int)
  j                            dispatchOnPanelOpened(android.view.View)
  j                            public setShadowResourceRight(int)
  k                            static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  k                            protected canScroll(android.view.View,boolean,int,int,int)
  l                            static access$700(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  l                            static access$600(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,int)
  m                            public isSlideable()
  m                            static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  m                            private closePane(android.view.View,int)
  n                            static access$1100(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  p                            public smoothSlideOpen()
  q                            public setPanelSlideListener(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener)
  q                            static access$1000(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)
  q                            dispatchOnPanelClosed(android.view.View)
  s                            public closePane()
  t                            public getCoveredFadeColor()
  t                            static access$502(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,boolean)
  u                            private isLayoutRtlSupport()
  u                            smoothSlideTo(float,int)
  u                            public setShadowResourceLeft(int)
  v                            static access$800(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  x                            public setShadowDrawableLeft(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  y                            static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  z                            isDimmed(android.view.View)
  z                            public setCoveredFadeColor(int)
  checkLayoutParams            protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  computeScroll                public computeScroll()
  draw                         public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawChild                    protected drawChild(android.graphics.Canvas,android.view.View,long)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams         protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onAttachedToWindow           protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow         protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onInterceptTouchEvent        public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                     protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState       protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState          protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onSizeChanged                protected onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
  onTouchEvent                 public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  requestChildFocus            public requestChildFocus(android.view.View,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$AccessibilityDelegate        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$q)
===============================================================================
  i    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  o    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  q    public filter(android.view.View)
  s    private copyNodeInfoNoChildren(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  t    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$DisableLayerRunnable (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$b)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$DragHelperCallback   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$e)
===============================================================================
  eval_x   public clampViewPositionVertical(android.view.View,int,int)
  f        public tryCaptureView(android.view.View,int)
  f        public onViewDragStateChanged(int)
  m        public getViewHorizontalDragRange(android.view.View)
  m        public onEdgeDragStarted(int,int)
  t        public onViewReleased(android.view.View,float,float)
  v        public onViewCaptured(android.view.View,int)
  x        public clampViewPositionHorizontal(android.view.View,int,int)
  y        public onViewPositionChanged(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_el)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$LayoutParams (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$g)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract onPanelClosed(android.view.View)
  p    public abstract onPanelSlide(android.view.View,float)
  x    public abstract onPanelOpened(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$eval_t)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$eval_t$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState$Exception (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SimplePanelSlideListener     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$d)
===============================================================================
  k    public onPanelClosed(android.view.View)
  p    public onPanelSlide(android.view.View,float)
  x    public onPanelOpened(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$y)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract invalidateChildRegion(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplBase   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$n)
===============================================================================
  j    public invalidateChildRegion(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplJB     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$l)
===============================================================================
  j    public invalidateChildRegion(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplJBMR1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi$p)
===============================================================================
  j    public invalidateChildRegion(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.Space  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hf)
===============================================================================
  f            private static getDefaultSize2(int,int)
  draw         public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onMeasure    protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.Space$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeProgressBar       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sd)
===============================================================================
  a    setBounds(int,int,int,int)
  c    setTriggerPercentage(float)
  e    setColorScheme(int,int,int,int)
  g    isRunning()
  i    draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  o    private drawCircle(android.graphics.Canvas,float,float,int,float)
  q    stop()
  t    private drawTrigger(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int)
  x    start()

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeProgressBar$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu)
===============================================================================
  a                                static access$000(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  a                                private setColorViewAlpha(int)
  c                                public isRefreshing()
  c                                public setOnRefreshListener(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener)
  c                                private startScaleDownAnimation(android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  c                                private moveToStart(float)
  d                                static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  d                                public transient setColorSchemeColors(int[])
  e                                public transient setColorSchemeResources(int[])
  eval_a                           private reset()
  eval_b                           static access$1100(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  eval_c                           static access$1000(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  eval_e                           public setProgressBackgroundColorSchemeResource(int)
  eval_g                           static access$800(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  eval_z                           private createProgressView()
  g                                public setRefreshing(boolean)
  g                                private startAlphaAnimation(int,int)
  i                                public canChildScrollUp()
  i                                static access$1400(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  i                                private startScaleUpAnimation(android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  j                                private finishSpinner(float)
  k                                private ensureTarget()
  k                                static access$700(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,float)
  k                                private getMotionEventY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  k                                private animateOffsetToCorrectPosition(int,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  l                                public setDistanceToTriggerSync(int)
  m                                private isAlphaUsedForScale()
  m                                private isAnimationRunning(android.view.animation.Animation)
  m                                private animateOffsetToStartPosition(int,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  o                                static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  o                                public setProgressBackgroundColorSchemeColor(int)
  p                                public getProgressCircleDiameter()
  p                                static access$500(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  p                                static access$900(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  p                                private setRefreshing(boolean,boolean)
  q                                static access$1200(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,int,boolean)
  q                                public setProgressViewEndTarget(boolean,int)
  r                                static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  r                                static access$1300(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,float)
  s                                private startProgressAlphaMaxAnimation()
  s                                private setAnimationProgress(float)
  t                                public transient setColorScheme(int[])
  u                                static access$402(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,int)
  u                                public setProgressBackgroundColor(int)
  v                                private startProgressAlphaStartAnimation()
  v                                private moveSpinner(float)
  w                                private setTargetOffsetTopAndBottom(int,boolean)
  y                                private onSecondaryPointerUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
  y                                public setProgressViewOffset(boolean,int,int)
  y                                public setSize(int)
  y                                private startScaleDownReturnToStartAnimation(int,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  z                                static access$600(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  dispatchNestedFling              public dispatchNestedFling(float,float,boolean)
  dispatchNestedPreFling           public dispatchNestedPreFling(float,float)
  dispatchNestedPreScroll          public dispatchNestedPreScroll(int,int,int[],int[])
  dispatchNestedScroll             public dispatchNestedScroll(int,int,int,int,int[])
  getChildDrawingOrder             protected getChildDrawingOrder(int,int)
  getNestedScrollAxes              public getNestedScrollAxes()
  hasNestedScrollingParent         public hasNestedScrollingParent()
  isNestedScrollingEnabled         public isNestedScrollingEnabled()
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onInterceptTouchEvent            public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        public onMeasure(int,int)
  onNestedFling                    public onNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  onNestedPreFling                 public onNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
  onNestedPreScroll                public onNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[])
  onNestedScroll                   public onNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  onNestedScrollAccepted           public onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  onStartNestedScroll              public onStartNestedScroll(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  onStopNestedScroll               public onStopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent   public requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)
  setNestedScrollingEnabled        public setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
  startNestedScroll                public startNestedScroll(int)
  stopNestedScroll                 public stopNestedScroll()

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$2   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$2)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$3   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$3)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$4   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$4)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$5   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$5)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$6   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$6)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$7   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$7)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$8   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$8)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fu$x)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onRefresh()

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f0)
===============================================================================
  b    public static setTextAppearance(android.widget.TextView,int)
  d    public static getMaxLines(android.widget.TextView)
  h    public static setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,int,int,int,int)
  o    public static setCompoundDrawablesRelative(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p    public static getMinLines(android.widget.TextView)
  t    public static setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23TextViewCompatImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f0$m)
===============================================================================
  c    public setTextAppearance(android.widget.TextView,int)

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompat$BaseTextViewCompatImpl  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f0$h)
===============================================================================
  a        public getMinLines(android.widget.TextView)
  c        public setTextAppearance(android.widget.TextView,int)
  eval_w   public setCompoundDrawablesRelative(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  k        public getMaxLines(android.widget.TextView)
  m        public setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p        public setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompat$JbMr1TextViewCompatImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f0$r)
===============================================================================
  eval_w   public setCompoundDrawablesRelative(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  m        public setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p        public setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompat$JbMr2TextViewCompatImpl (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f0$z)
===============================================================================
  eval_w   public setCompoundDrawablesRelative(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  m        public setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p        public setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompat$JbTextViewCompatImpl    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f0$eval_j)
===============================================================================
  a    public getMinLines(android.widget.TextView)
  k    public getMaxLines(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompat$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ke)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompat$TextViewCompatImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f0$d)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getMinLines(android.widget.TextView)
  c        public abstract setTextAppearance(android.widget.TextView,int)
  eval_w   public abstract setCompoundDrawablesRelative(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  k        public abstract getMaxLines(android.widget.TextView)
  m        public abstract setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p        public abstract setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatApi23    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dp)
===============================================================================
  m    public static setTextAppearance(android.widget.TextView,int)

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatApi23$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__y)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatDonut    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ew)
===============================================================================
  a    static getMaxLines(android.widget.TextView)
  d    static getMinLines(android.widget.TextView)
  l    private static retrieveField(java.lang.String)
  u    static setTextAppearance(android.widget.TextView,int)
  w    private static retrieveIntFromField(java.lang.reflect.Field,android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatDonut$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_of)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatJb       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uf)
===============================================================================
  b    static getMaxLines(android.widget.TextView)
  g    static getMinLines(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatJb$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatJbMr1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hx)
===============================================================================
  e    public static setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,int,int,int,int)
  i    public static setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  q    public static setCompoundDrawablesRelative(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatJbMr1$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatJbMr2    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jn)
===============================================================================
  l    public static setCompoundDrawablesRelative(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  m    public static setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  z    public static setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.TextViewCompatJbMr2$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ms)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.TintableCompoundButton (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_di)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract getSupportButtonTintMode()
  f    public abstract setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  j    public abstract setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  o    public abstract getSupportButtonTintList()

android.support.v4.widget.TintableCompoundButton$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ta)
===============================================================================
  a        public abort()
  a        public smoothSlideViewTo(android.view.View,int,int)
  d        public getActivePointerId()
  d        public setMinVelocity(float)
  d        public isEdgeTouched(int)
  e        public isPointerDown(int)
  e        private getEdgesTouched(int,int)
  eval_d   private clearMotionHistory()
  eval_o   tryCaptureViewForDrag(android.view.View,int)
  eval_t   public isCapturedViewUnder(int,int)
  eval_u   private ensureMotionHistorySizeForId(int)
  f        public static create(android.view.ViewGroup,android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$Callback)
  g        public shouldInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  g        private checkTouchSlop(android.view.View,float,float)
  h        public processTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  h        private reportNewEdgeDrags(float,float,int)
  h        private isValidPointerForActionMove(int)
  i        setDragState(int)
  j        public continueSettling(boolean)
  k        public checkTouchSlop(int,int)
  l        private computeSettleDuration(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  m        public getEdgeSize()
  m        public flingCapturedView(int,int,int,int)
  n        private saveLastMotion(android.view.MotionEvent)
  n        private clearMotionHistory(int)
  n        private clampMag(int,int,int)
  o        private dispatchViewReleased(float,float)
  p        public isEdgeTouched(int,int)
  q        private distanceInfluenceForSnapDuration(float)
  q        private saveInitialMotion(float,float,int)
  r        private releaseViewForPointerUp()
  s        public checkTouchSlop(int)
  t        public getMinVelocity()
  t        public captureChildView(android.view.View,int)
  u        public getCapturedView()
  u        private checkNewEdgeDrag(float,float,int,int)
  u        private forceSettleCapturedViewAt(int,int,int,int)
  v        protected canScroll(android.view.View,boolean,int,int,int,int)
  v        public isViewUnder(android.view.View,int,int)
  v        public setEdgeTrackingEnabled(int)
  w        public cancel()
  w        public static create(android.view.ViewGroup,float,android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$Callback)
  w        private computeAxisDuration(int,int,int)
  x        public getViewDragState()
  x        private clampMag(float,float,float)
  x        public settleCapturedViewAt(int,int)
  y        public getTouchSlop()
  y        public findTopChildUnder(int,int)
  z        private dragTo(int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ta$1)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$2       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ta$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$Callback        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ta$n)
===============================================================================
  eval_x   public clampViewPositionVertical(android.view.View,int,int)
  f        public abstract tryCaptureView(android.view.View,int)
  f        public onViewDragStateChanged(int)
  f        public onEdgeTouched(int,int)
  m        public getViewHorizontalDragRange(android.view.View)
  m        public onEdgeDragStarted(int,int)
  s        public onEdgeLock(int)
  t        public onViewReleased(android.view.View,float,float)
  v        public onViewCaptured(android.view.View,int)
  x        public clampViewPositionHorizontal(android.view.View,int,int)
  y        public getViewVerticalDragRange(android.view.View)
  y        public onViewPositionChanged(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  y        public getOrderedChildIndex(int)

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g1)
===============================================================================
  a        public isHideOnContentScrollEnabled()
  a        public abstract setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  a        public abstract addOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  b        public isTitleTruncated()
  b        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  b        public abstract addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int,boolean)
  b        public abstract setCustomView(int)
  c        public abstract getDisplayOptions()
  c        public abstract addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  d        public abstract getSelectedNavigationIndex()
  e        public abstract removeOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  e        public setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  e        public abstract getTabAt(int)
  eval_a   public abstract show()
  eval_b   public abstract getSubtitle()
  eval_c   public abstract newTab()
  eval_e   onDestroy()
  eval_f   public abstract isShowing()
  eval_g   public abstract hide()
  eval_g   public abstract setNavigationMode(int)
  eval_k   public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  eval_m   requestFocus()
  eval_m   public setSplitBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_n   public invalidateOptionsMenu()
  eval_q   public collapseActionView()
  eval_r   public abstract setDisplayOptions(int,int)
  eval_s   public abstract getHeight()
  eval_u   public abstract removeAllTabs()
  eval_v   public openOptionsMenu()
  eval_w   public setShowHideAnimationEnabled(boolean)
  eval_y   public abstract getSelectedTab()
  eval_z   public setDefaultDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  f        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  f        public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams)
  f        public abstract setDisplayOptions(int)
  g        public setStackedBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  g        public abstract setDisplayShowHomeEnabled(boolean)
  g        public onKeyShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  h        public abstract removeTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  h        public abstract setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public abstract getTabCount()
  i        public abstract addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  j        public getElevation()
  j        public abstract setDisplayShowTitleEnabled(boolean)
  j        public abstract setLogo(int)
  k        public abstract getNavigationItemCount()
  k        public abstract setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  k        public abstract setDisplayUseLogoEnabled(boolean)
  k        public abstract setSelectedNavigationItem(int)
  n        public abstract setSubtitle(int)
  o        public abstract getCustomView()
  o        public dispatchMenuVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  o        public setHomeActionContentDescription(int)
  p        public getHideOffset()
  p        public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p        public setHideOffset(int)
  q        public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  r        public abstract getTitle()
  s        public abstract selectTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  s        public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View)
  s        public abstract setDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  s        public setHomeActionContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  t        public abstract setTitle(int)
  u        public abstract setDisplayShowCustomEnabled(boolean)
  u        public setElevation(float)
  v        public abstract getNavigationMode()
  v        public abstract setListNavigationCallbacks(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener)
  v        public setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
  w        public startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  w        public abstract removeTabAt(int)
  x        public getThemedContext()
  x        public abstract addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int)
  x        public onMenuKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  x        public abstract setIcon(int)
  y        public abstract setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$DisplayOptions  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g1$q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g1$w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$NavigationMode  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g1$u)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g1$m)
===============================================================================
  o    public abstract onMenuVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g1$f)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract onNavigationItemSelected(int,long)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$ParseException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g1$g)
===============================================================================
  d        public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View)
  e        public abstract getIcon()
  eval_r   public abstract select()
  eval_y   public abstract setContentDescription(int)
  i        public abstract getText()
  l        public abstract setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public abstract setTabListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$TabListener)
  o        public abstract setContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p        public abstract getPosition()
  q        public abstract getContentDescription()
  r        public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  u        public abstract setCustomView(int)
  v        public abstract setText(int)
  v        public abstract setTag(java.lang.Object)
  x        public abstract getCustomView()
  x        public abstract setIcon(int)
  y        public abstract getTag()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$TabListener     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g1$_)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract onTabUnselected(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction)
  o    public abstract onTabSelected(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction)
  u    public abstract onTabReselected(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ea)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq)
===============================================================================
  b        setActionBarDescription(int)
  c        public onDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  d        setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  e        static access$100(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle)
  eval_r   public onDrawerStateChanged(int)
  f        public isDrawerIndicatorEnabled()
  g        public getToolbarNavigationClickListener()
  j        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  j        public setToolbarNavigationClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
  l        public onDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  n        static access$200(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle)
  o        public syncState()
  s        getThemeUpIndicator()
  s        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  u        public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  v        public onDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)
  x        static access$000(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle)
  x        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  y        private toggle()
  y        public setDrawerIndicatorEnabled(boolean)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Delegate    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$h)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract isNavigationVisible()
  j    public abstract getThemeUpIndicator()
  o    public abstract setActionBarDescription(int)
  p    public abstract setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  z    public abstract getActionBarThemedContext()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DelegateProvider    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$eval_c)
===============================================================================
  eval_k   public abstract getDrawerToggleDelegate()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DrawerArrowDrawableToggle   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$j)
===============================================================================
  e        public getPosition()
  eval_j   public setPosition(float)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DrawerToggle        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$_)
===============================================================================
  e        public abstract getPosition()
  eval_j   public abstract setPosition(float)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DummyDelegate       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$i)
===============================================================================
  h    public isNavigationVisible()
  j    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  o    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  p    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  z    public getActionBarThemedContext()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$HoneycombDelegate   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$v)
===============================================================================
  h    public isNavigationVisible()
  j    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  o    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  p    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  z    public getActionBarThemedContext()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$JellybeanMr2Delegate        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$c)
===============================================================================
  h    public isNavigationVisible()
  j    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  o    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  p    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  z    public getActionBarThemedContext()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ToolbarCompatDelegate       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sq$e)
===============================================================================
  h    public isNavigationVisible()
  j    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  o    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  p    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  z    public getActionBarThemedContext()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lw)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  t    public static setActionBarUpIndicator(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  z    public static setActionBarDescription(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo,android.app.Activity,int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ar)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lw$l)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AlertController   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3)
===============================================================================
  a        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  a        static access$800(android.view.View,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  b        static access$700(android.support.v7.app.AlertController)
  b        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  c        public getIconAttributeResId(int)
  d        static access$1100(android.support.v7.app.AlertController)
  d        static canTextInput(android.view.View)
  d        private setupCustomContent(android.view.ViewGroup)
  e        public setCustomTitle(android.view.View)
  e        public getButton(int)
  eval_b   static access$500(android.support.v7.app.AlertController)
  eval_c   static access$1000(android.support.v7.app.AlertController)
  eval_c   static access$1602(android.support.v7.app.AlertController,int)
  eval_d   static access$1400(android.support.v7.app.AlertController)
  eval_h   private setupButtons(android.view.ViewGroup)
  eval_s   static access$200(android.support.v7.app.AlertController)
  eval_w   static access$1200(android.support.v7.app.AlertController)
  f        static access$600(android.support.v7.app.AlertController)
  f        private setScrollIndicators(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,int,int)
  g        private setupTitle(android.view.ViewGroup)
  i        public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  j        static access$400(android.support.v7.app.AlertController)
  k        public setButton(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.content.DialogInterface$OnClickListener,android.os.Message)
  l        public getListView()
  l        public setView(android.view.View)
  l        private resolvePanel(android.view.View,android.view.View)
  n        static access$000(android.support.v7.app.AlertController)
  n        static access$1002(android.support.v7.app.AlertController,android.widget.ListView)
  n        public setView(int)
  o        private setupContent(android.view.ViewGroup)
  o        public setMessage(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p        static access$1502(android.support.v7.app.AlertController,android.widget.ListAdapter)
  q        private selectContentView()
  q        static access$100(android.support.v7.app.AlertController)
  q        public setButtonPanelLayoutHint(int)
  q        public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  r        public installContent()
  s        static access$900(android.support.v7.app.AlertController)
  t        static access$1300(android.support.v7.app.AlertController)
  t        private static manageScrollIndicators(android.view.View,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  u        private setupView()
  x        public setView(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  x        public setIcon(int)
  z        static access$300(android.support.v7.app.AlertController)

android.support.v7.app.AlertController$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.app.AlertController$2 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$2)
===============================================================================
  e    public onScrollChange(android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.app.AlertController$3 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.app.AlertController$4 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$4)
===============================================================================
  onScroll             public onScroll(android.widget.AbsListView,int,int,int)
  onScrollStateChanged public onScrollStateChanged(android.widget.AbsListView,int)

android.support.v7.app.AlertController$5 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$5)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.app.AlertController$AlertParams       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$o)
===============================================================================
  c    public apply(android.support.v7.app.AlertController)
  v    private createListView(android.support.v7.app.AlertController)

android.support.v7.app.AlertController$AlertParams$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$o$1)
===============================================================================
  getView  public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v7.app.AlertController$AlertParams$2     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$o$2)
===============================================================================
  bindView public bindView(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor)
  newView  public newView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v7.app.AlertController$AlertParams$3     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$o$3)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.app.AlertController$AlertParams$4     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$o$4)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.app.AlertController$AlertParams$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mcg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AlertController$AlertParams$OnPrepareListViewListener     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$o$h)
===============================================================================
  v    public abstract onPrepareListView(android.widget.ListView)

android.support.v7.app.AlertController$ButtonHandler     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$c)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v7.app.AlertController$CheckedItemAdapter        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_3$_)
===============================================================================
  getItemId    public getItemId(int)
  hasStableIds public hasStableIds()

android.support.v7.app.AlertController$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uwf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AlertDialog       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sdv)
===============================================================================
  c            static resolveDialogTheme(android.content.Context,int)
  e            public setCustomTitle(android.view.View)
  g            public setView(android.view.View)
  i            public getButton(int)
  j            public setIconAttribute(int)
  k            static access$000(android.support.v7.app.AlertDialog)
  l            public setView(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  n            public getListView()
  n            public setIcon(int)
  o            setButtonPanelLayoutHint(int)
  q            public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  q            public setButton(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.content.DialogInterface$OnClickListener)
  s            public setButton(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.os.Message)
  s            public setMessage(java.lang.CharSequence)
  onCreate     protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onKeyDown    public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyUp      public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  setTitle     public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v7.app.AlertDialog$Builder       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sdv$z)
===============================================================================
  a    public setCustomTitle(android.view.View)
  b    public setOnItemSelectedListener(android.widget.AdapterView$OnItemSelectedListener)
  b    public setSingleChoiceItems(java.lang.CharSequence[],int,android.content.DialogInterface$OnClickListener)
  c    public setTitle(int)
  d    public setOnCancelListener(android.content.DialogInterface$OnCancelListener)
  d    public setCursor(android.database.Cursor,android.content.DialogInterface$OnClickListener,java.lang.String)
  d    public setIcon(int)
  d    public setNegativeButton(int,android.content.DialogInterface$OnClickListener)
  e    public getContext()
  f    public setIconAttribute(int)
  g    public setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter,android.content.DialogInterface$OnClickListener)
  h    public setSingleChoiceItems(android.database.Cursor,int,java.lang.String,android.content.DialogInterface$OnClickListener)
  i    public setMultiChoiceItems(java.lang.CharSequence[],boolean[],android.content.DialogInterface$OnMultiChoiceClickListener)
  j    public setView(android.view.View)
  j    public setMultiChoiceItems(int,boolean[],android.content.DialogInterface$OnMultiChoiceClickListener)
  k    public setOnKeyListener(android.content.DialogInterface$OnKeyListener)
  k    public setView(int)
  k    public setPositiveButton(java.lang.CharSequence,android.content.DialogInterface$OnClickListener)
  l    public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  m    public setMessage(int)
  m    public setItems(int,android.content.DialogInterface$OnClickListener)
  m    public setSingleChoiceItems(int,int,android.content.DialogInterface$OnClickListener)
  n    public setMultiChoiceItems(android.database.Cursor,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.content.DialogInterface$OnMultiChoiceClickListener)
  n    public setRecycleOnMeasureEnabled(boolean)
  n    public setPositiveButton(int,android.content.DialogInterface$OnClickListener)
  p    public show()
  p    public setInverseBackgroundForced(boolean)
  p    public setItems(java.lang.CharSequence[],android.content.DialogInterface$OnClickListener)
  q    public setNeutralButton(int,android.content.DialogInterface$OnClickListener)
  r    public setMessage(java.lang.CharSequence)
  r    public setNeutralButton(java.lang.CharSequence,android.content.DialogInterface$OnClickListener)
  s    public create()
  t    public setOnDismissListener(android.content.DialogInterface$OnDismissListener)
  t    public setCancelable(boolean)
  u    public setView(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  u    public setSingleChoiceItems(android.widget.ListAdapter,int,android.content.DialogInterface$OnClickListener)
  y    public setNegativeButton(java.lang.CharSequence,android.content.DialogInterface$OnClickListener)
  z    public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v7.app.AlertDialog$Exception     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yey)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatActivity (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fab)
===============================================================================
  a                        public supportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
  a                        public supportRequestWindowFeature(int)
  b                        public onCreateSupportNavigateUpTaskStack(android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder)
  b                        public onSupportActionModeStarted(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  e                        public getDelegate()
  e                        public setSupportProgressBarIndeterminateVisibility(boolean)
  e                        public setSupportProgress(int)
  eval_e                   public startSupportActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  eval_h                   public getSupportParentActivityIntent()
  eval_k                   public getDrawerToggleDelegate()
  eval_v                   public getSupportActionBar()
  eval_w                   public onSupportNavigateUp()
  f                        public setSupportProgressBarIndeterminate(boolean)
  g                        public onPrepareSupportNavigateUpTaskStack(android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder)
  h                        public onWindowStartingSupportActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  m                        public onSupportContentChanged()
  n                        public onSupportActionModeFinished(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  r                        public supportShouldUpRecreateTask(android.content.Intent)
  v                        public setSupportActionBar(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  y                        public setSupportProgressBarVisibility(boolean)
  z                        public supportNavigateUpTo(android.content.Intent)
  addContentView           public addContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  dispatchKeyEvent         public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  findViewById             public findViewById(int)
  getMenuInflater          public getMenuInflater()
  getResources             public getResources()
  invalidateOptionsMenu    public invalidateOptionsMenu()
  onConfigurationChanged   public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onContentChanged         public onContentChanged()
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onDestroy                protected onDestroy()
  onMenuItemSelected       public final onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  onMenuOpened             public onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  onPanelClosed            public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  onPostCreate             protected onPostCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onPostResume             protected onPostResume()
  onSaveInstanceState      protected onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  onStop                   protected onStop()
  onTitleChanged           protected onTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int)
  setContentView           public setContentView(android.view.View)
  setContentView           public setContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  setContentView           public setContentView(int)
  setTheme                 public setTheme(int)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatActivity$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ldo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatCallback (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ndt)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onSupportActionModeStarted(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  h    public abstract onWindowStartingSupportActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  n    public abstract onSupportActionModeFinished(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatCallback$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wrk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegate (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ax8)
===============================================================================
  a        public static create(android.app.Dialog,android.support.v7.app.AppCompatCallback)
  a        public abstract startSupportActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  a        public static setDefaultNightMode(int)
  c        public static create(android.app.Activity,android.support.v7.app.AppCompatCallback)
  d        public abstract applyDayNight()
  e        public abstract onDestroy()
  e        public abstract addContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  e        public abstract setLocalNightMode(int)
  eval_o   public abstract findViewById(int)
  eval_q   public static isCompatVectorFromResourcesEnabled()
  eval_x   public abstract requestWindowFeature(int)
  f        public abstract installViewFactory()
  g        public abstract createView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  h        public abstract onPostResume()
  j        public static getDefaultNightMode()
  k        public abstract onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  m        private static create(android.content.Context,android.view.Window,android.support.v7.app.AppCompatCallback)
  m        public abstract onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  m        public static setCompatVectorFromResourcesEnabled(boolean)
  n        public abstract hasWindowFeature(int)
  o        public abstract onStop()
  p        public abstract getSupportActionBar()
  q        public abstract setContentView(android.view.View)
  r        public abstract getMenuInflater()
  r        public abstract setContentView(int)
  r        public abstract setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public abstract onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  s        public abstract onPostCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  s        public abstract setSupportActionBar(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  s        public abstract setHandleNativeActionModesEnabled(boolean)
  u        public abstract isHandleNativeActionModesEnabled()
  v        public abstract invalidateOptionsMenu()
  x        public abstract setContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  z        public abstract getDrawerToggleDelegate()

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegate$NightMode       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ax8$r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegate$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r6s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplBase (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b5u)
===============================================================================
  b    final getActionBarThemedContext()
  d    public applyDayNight()
  e    public onDestroy()
  e    public setLocalNightMode(int)
  f    abstract onTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  k    public onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  l    final isDestroyed()
  l    abstract onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  o    abstract onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  p    public getSupportActionBar()
  p    abstract onKeyShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  q    abstract initWindowDecorActionBar()
  r    public getMenuInflater()
  r    public final setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s    public setHandleNativeActionModesEnabled(boolean)
  t    final getTitle()
  u    public isHandleNativeActionModesEnabled()
  v    abstract dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  w    final peekSupportActionBar()
  w    wrapWindowCallback(android.view.Window$Callback)
  y    final getWindowCallback()
  z    public final getDrawerToggleDelegate()
  z    abstract startSupportActionModeFromWindow(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplBase$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b5u$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplBase$ActionBarDrawableToggleImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b5u$i)
===============================================================================
  h    public isNavigationVisible()
  j    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  o    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  p    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  z    public getActionBarThemedContext()

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplBase$AppCompatWindowCallbackBase     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b5u$d)
===============================================================================
  dispatchKeyEvent         public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  dispatchKeyShortcutEvent public dispatchKeyShortcutEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  onContentChanged         public onContentChanged()
  onCreatePanelMenu        public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  onMenuOpened             public onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  onPanelClosed            public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  onPreparePanel           public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplBase$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f8q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV11  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__y_)
===============================================================================
  c    callActivityOnCreateView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV11$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eq5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV14  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c_e)
===============================================================================
  d        public applyDayNight()
  e        public setLocalNightMode(int)
  eval_u   private getTwilightManager()
  g        mapNightMode(int)
  k        public onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  m        public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  s        public setHandleNativeActionModesEnabled(boolean)
  u        public isHandleNativeActionModesEnabled()
  w        wrapWindowCallback(android.view.Window$Callback)
  z        private updateConfigurationForNightMode(int)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV14$AppCompatWindowCallbackV14       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c_e$a)
===============================================================================
  k                            final startAsSupportActionMode(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  onWindowStartingActionMode   public onWindowStartingActionMode(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV14$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vv0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV23  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ob1)
===============================================================================
  g    mapNightMode(int)
  w    wrapWindowCallback(android.view.Window$Callback)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV23$AppCompatWindowCallbackV23       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ob1$c)
===============================================================================
  onWindowStartingActionMode   public onWindowStartingActionMode(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  onWindowStartingActionMode   public onWindowStartingActionMode(android.view.ActionMode$Callback,int)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV23$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dk9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht)
===============================================================================
  a        static access$202(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7,boolean)
  a        public startSupportActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  a        onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  c        callActivityOnCreateView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  d        static access$400(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7)
  d        private initializePanelContent(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState)
  d        private checkCloseActionMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  e        public onDestroy()
  e        public addContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  e        private getPanelState(int,boolean)
  eval_d   private updateStatusGuard(int)
  eval_j   getSubDecor()
  eval_j   static access$1400(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7,int)
  eval_l   private ensureSubDecor()
  eval_o   private throwFeatureRequestIfSubDecorInstalled()
  eval_o   public findViewById(int)
  eval_t   private dismissPopups()
  eval_v   private endOnGoingFadeAnimation()
  eval_x   public requestWindowFeature(int)
  f        public installViewFactory()
  f        static access$000(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7)
  f        private initializePanelMenu(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState)
  f        private preparePanel(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState,android.view.KeyEvent)
  f        onSubDecorInstalled(android.view.ViewGroup)
  f        private shouldInheritContext(android.view.ViewParent)
  f        onTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  g        private createSubDecor()
  g        static access$500(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7)
  g        private closePanel(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState,boolean)
  g        public createView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  h        public onPostResume()
  h        private initializePanelDecor(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState)
  i        onBackPressed()
  i        static access$100(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7,int)
  i        private findMenuPanel(android.view.Menu)
  i        private closePanel(int)
  j        private invalidatePanelMenu(int)
  j        private callOnPanelClosed(int,android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState,android.view.Menu)
  j        private onKeyDownPanel(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  k        static access$800(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7,android.view.Menu)
  l        private sanitizeWindowFeatureId(int)
  l        onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  m        public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  n        public hasWindowFeature(int)
  o        public onStop()
  o        onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  p        private performPanelShortcut(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState,int,android.view.KeyEvent,int)
  p        static access$1000(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7,android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState,boolean)
  p        public final onCreateView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  p        onKeyShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  q        public initWindowDecorActionBar()
  q        public setContentView(android.view.View)
  q        onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  r        static access$1100(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  r        public setContentView(int)
  s        private applyFixedSizeWindow()
  s        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  s        public onPostCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  s        private openPanel(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState,android.view.KeyEvent)
  s        public setSupportActionBar(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  t        static access$900(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7,int,android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState,android.view.Menu)
  v        public invalidateOptionsMenu()
  v        dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  v        private doInvalidatePanelMenu(int)
  v        private onKeyUpPanel(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  x        public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  x        public setContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  y        static access$002(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7,int)
  y        public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  y        private reopenMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  z        static access$300(android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7,int)
  z        startSupportActionModeFromWindow(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$2 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$2)
===============================================================================
  y    public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$3 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$3)
===============================================================================
  a    public onFitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$4 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$4)
===============================================================================
  e    public onAttachedFromWindow()
  r    public onDetachedFromWindow()

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$5 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$5)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$5$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$5$1)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$5$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zjv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$6 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$6)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$ActionMenuPresenterCallback       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$_)
===============================================================================
  n    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  p    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$ActionModeCallbackWrapperV7       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$s)
===============================================================================
  b    public onCreateActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)
  q    public onActionItemClicked(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.MenuItem)
  r    public onPrepareActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)
  y    public onDestroyActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$ActionModeCallbackWrapperV7$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$s$1)
===============================================================================
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$ActionModeCallbackWrapperV7$Exception     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i7e)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b4s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$ListMenuDecorView (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$j)
===============================================================================
  i                        private isOutOfBounds(int,int)
  dispatchKeyEvent         public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  onInterceptTouchEvent    public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setBackgroundResource    public setBackgroundResource(int)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$y)
===============================================================================
  b    onSaveInstanceState()
  f    public hasPanelItems()
  g    applyFrozenState()
  g    setStyle(android.content.Context)
  l    getListMenuView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  w    public clearMenuPresenters()
  y    setMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  z    onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState$Exception       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jyj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState$SavedState      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$y$_)
===============================================================================
  eval_z           private static readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  m                static access$1300(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState$SavedState$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$y$_$1)
===============================================================================
  d    public newArray(int)
  v    public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelFeatureState$SavedState$NullPointerException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m_d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV7$PanelMenuPresenterCallback        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yht$r)
===============================================================================
  n    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  p    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDialog   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dg0)
===============================================================================
  b                        public onSupportActionModeStarted(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  eval_j                   public supportRequestWindowFeature(int)
  f                        public getSupportActionBar()
  h                        public onWindowStartingSupportActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  k                        private static getThemeResId(android.content.Context,int)
  n                        public onSupportActionModeFinished(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  x                        public getDelegate()
  addContentView           public addContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  findViewById             public findViewById(int)
  invalidateOptionsMenu    public invalidateOptionsMenu()
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onStop                   protected onStop()
  setContentView           public setContentView(android.view.View)
  setContentView           public setContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  setContentView           public setContentView(int)
  setTitle                 public setTitle(int)
  setTitle                 public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDialog$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xa2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDialogFragment
===============================================================================
  b    public setupDialog(android.app.Dialog,int)
  y    public onCreateDialog(android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDialogFragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d96)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatViewInflater     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r96)
===============================================================================
  a    public final createView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,boolean,boolean,boolean,boolean)
  r    private createViewFromTag(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,android.util.AttributeSet)
  x    private createView(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  z    private static themifyContext(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,boolean,boolean)
  z    private checkOnClickListener(android.view.View,android.util.AttributeSet)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatViewInflater$DeclaredOnClickListener     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r96$b)
===============================================================================
  l        private resolveMethod(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.app.AppCompatViewInflater$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zy3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.NavItemSelectedListener   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bsm)
===============================================================================
  onItemSelected       public onItemSelected(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onNothingSelected    public onNothingSelected(android.widget.AdapterView)

android.support.v7.app.NavItemSelectedListener$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mnk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompat        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lef)
===============================================================================
  f    private static addMediaStyleToBuilderLollipop(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style)
  l    private static addBigMediaStyleToBuilderJellybean(android.app.Notification,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  n    private static addMediaStyleToBuilderIcs(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  n    static access$500(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style)
  p    static access$400(android.app.Notification,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  r    static access$300(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)

android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompat$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lef$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__me)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompat$Builder        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lef$t)
===============================================================================
  u    protected getExtender()

android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompat$IceCreamSandwichExtender       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lef$h)
===============================================================================
  e    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor)

android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompat$JellybeanExtender      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lef$s)
===============================================================================
  e    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor)

android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompat$LollipopExtender       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lef$d)
===============================================================================
  e    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor)

android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompat$MediaStyle     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lef$i)
===============================================================================
  a    public transient setShowActionsInCompactView(int[])
  f    public setMediaSession(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token)
  k    public setShowCancelButton(boolean)
  u    public setCancelButtonIntent(android.app.PendingIntent)

android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompatImpl21  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oi7)
===============================================================================
  w    public static addMediaStyle(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,int[],java.lang.Object)

android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompatImpl21$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v2d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompatImplBase        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kat)
===============================================================================
  a    private static generateBigContentView(android.content.Context,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,int,android.graphics.Bitmap,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,long,java.util.List,boolean,android.app.PendingIntent)
  c    private static generateMediaActionButton(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  j    private static applyStandardTemplate(android.content.Context,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,int,android.graphics.Bitmap,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,long,int,boolean)
  k    private static generateContentView(android.content.Context,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,int,android.graphics.Bitmap,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,long,java.util.List,int[],boolean,android.app.PendingIntent)
  m    private static getBigLayoutResource(int)
  n    public static overrideContentView(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,android.content.Context,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,int,android.graphics.Bitmap,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,long,java.util.List,int[],boolean,android.app.PendingIntent)
  s    public static overrideBigContentView(android.app.Notification,android.content.Context,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,int,android.graphics.Bitmap,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,long,java.util.List,boolean,android.app.PendingIntent)

android.support.v7.app.NotificationCompatImplBase$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zra)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qt7)
===============================================================================
  a        public setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  a        public addOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  b        public isTitleTruncated()
  b        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  b        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int,boolean)
  b        public setCustomView(int)
  c        public getDisplayOptions()
  c        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  d        public getSelectedNavigationIndex()
  e        public removeOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  e        static access$202(android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar,boolean)
  e        private ensureListMenuPresenter(android.view.Menu)
  e        public setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  e        public getTabAt(int)
  eval_a   public show()
  eval_b   public getSubtitle()
  eval_c   public newTab()
  eval_e   onDestroy()
  eval_f   public isShowing()
  eval_g   public hide()
  eval_g   public setNavigationMode(int)
  eval_k   public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  eval_m   public requestFocus()
  eval_m   public setSplitBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_n   public invalidateOptionsMenu()
  eval_q   public collapseActionView()
  eval_r   public setDisplayOptions(int,int)
  eval_s   public getHeight()
  eval_t   public getWrappedWindowCallback()
  eval_u   public removeAllTabs()
  eval_v   public openOptionsMenu()
  eval_w   public setShowHideAnimationEnabled(boolean)
  eval_y   public getSelectedTab()
  eval_z   private getMenu()
  eval_z   public setDefaultDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  f        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  f        static access$400(android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar,android.view.Menu)
  f        public setCustomView(android.view.View,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams)
  f        public setDisplayOptions(int)
  g        public setStackedBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  g        public setDisplayShowHomeEnabled(boolean)
  g        public onKeyShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  h        public removeTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  h        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public getTabCount()
  i        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  j        public getElevation()
  j        public setDisplayShowTitleEnabled(boolean)
  j        public setLogo(int)
  k        public getNavigationItemCount()
  k        public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  k        public setDisplayUseLogoEnabled(boolean)
  k        public setSelectedNavigationItem(int)
  l        static access$000(android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  n        public setSubtitle(int)
  o        public getCustomView()
  o        public dispatchMenuVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  o        public setHomeActionContentDescription(int)
  p        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  q        public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  r        public getTitle()
  s        public selectTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  s        static access$200(android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  s        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  s        public setDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  s        public setHomeActionContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  t        public setTitle(int)
  u        static access$300(android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  u        public setDisplayShowCustomEnabled(boolean)
  u        public setElevation(float)
  v        public getNavigationMode()
  v        public setListNavigationCallbacks(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener)
  w        public removeTabAt(int)
  x        public getThemedContext()
  x        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int)
  x        public onMenuKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  x        public setIcon(int)
  y        populateOptionsMenu()
  y        public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  z        private getListMenuView(android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qt7$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar$2        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qt7$2)
===============================================================================
  n    public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar$ActionMenuPresenterCallback      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qt7$o)
===============================================================================
  n    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  p    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jhj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar$MenuBuilderCallback      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qt7$eval_x)
===============================================================================
  x    public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  y    public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar$PanelMenuPresenterCallback       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qt7$x)
===============================================================================
  n    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  p    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.app.ToolbarActionBar$ToolbarCallbackWrapper   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qt7$h)
===============================================================================
  onCreatePanelView    public onCreatePanelView(int)
  onPreparePanel       public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.app.TwilightCalculator        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mch)
===============================================================================
  a    static getInstance()
  d    public calculateTwilight(long,double,double)

android.support.v7.app.TwilightCalculator$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k_h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.TwilightManager   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mn2)
===============================================================================
  c    isNight()
  q    private getLastKnownLocation()
  r    private updateState(android.location.Location)
  w    private isStateValid(android.support.v7.app.TwilightManager$TwilightState)
  y    private getLastKnownLocationForProvider(java.lang.String)

android.support.v7.app.TwilightManager$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mn2$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.TwilightManager$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v3c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.TwilightManager$TwilightState     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mn2$p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q24)
===============================================================================
  a        public isHideOnContentScrollEnabled()
  a        public setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  a        public addOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  b        public isTitleTruncated()
  b        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  b        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int,boolean)
  b        static access$400(android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  b        private setHasEmbeddedTabs(boolean)
  b        public setCustomView(int)
  c        public getDisplayOptions()
  c        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  c        public enableContentAnimations(boolean)
  d        public getSelectedNavigationIndex()
  e        public removeOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  e        public setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  e        public getTabAt(int)
  eval_a   public show()
  eval_b   public getSubtitle()
  eval_c   public newTab()
  eval_d   public onContentScrollStarted()
  eval_f   public isShowing()
  eval_g   public hide()
  eval_g   public setNavigationMode(int)
  eval_h   public doShow(boolean)
  eval_i   private ensureTabsExist()
  eval_k   public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  eval_l   completeDeferredDestroyActionMode()
  eval_m   public requestFocus()
  eval_m   public setSplitBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_o   public hasIcon()
  eval_p   private static checkShowingFlags(boolean,boolean,boolean)
  eval_q   public collapseActionView()
  eval_r   public setDisplayOptions(int,int)
  eval_s   public getHeight()
  eval_t   public onContentScrollStopped()
  eval_u   public removeAllTabs()
  eval_v   static access$600(android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  eval_w   private hideForActionMode()
  eval_w   public setShowHideAnimationEnabled(boolean)
  eval_w   public onWindowVisibilityChanged(int)
  eval_x   public animateToMode(boolean)
  eval_y   public getSelectedTab()
  eval_y   static access$1000(android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  eval_z   private showForActionMode()
  eval_z   public setDefaultDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  f        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  f        public setCustomView(android.view.View,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams)
  f        public doHide(boolean)
  f        public setDisplayOptions(int)
  g        public setStackedBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  g        public setDisplayShowHomeEnabled(boolean)
  h        public hasLogo()
  h        public removeTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  h        static access$1100(android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  h        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public getTabCount()
  i        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  i        static access$800(android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  j        public getElevation()
  j        private init(android.view.View)
  j        public setDisplayShowTitleEnabled(boolean)
  j        public setLogo(int)
  k        public getNavigationItemCount()
  k        public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  k        private getDecorToolbar(android.view.View)
  k        public setDisplayUseLogoEnabled(boolean)
  k        public setSelectedNavigationItem(int)
  l        static access$700(boolean,boolean,boolean)
  m        private updateVisibility(boolean)
  n        static access$100(android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  n        public setSubtitle(int)
  o        public getCustomView()
  o        public dispatchMenuVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  o        public setHomeActionContentDescription(int)
  p        public getHideOffset()
  p        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p        private configureTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int)
  p        static access$500(android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  p        public setHideOffset(int)
  q        public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  r        public getTitle()
  r        static access$302(android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar,android.support.v7.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet)
  s        public showForSystem()
  s        public selectTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  s        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  s        public setDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  s        public setHomeActionContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  t        static access$900(android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  t        public setTitle(int)
  u        public setDisplayShowCustomEnabled(boolean)
  u        public setElevation(float)
  v        public getNavigationMode()
  v        public setListNavigationCallbacks(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener)
  v        public setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
  w        private cleanupTabs()
  w        static access$000(android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  w        public startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  w        public removeTabAt(int)
  x        public getThemedContext()
  x        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int)
  x        public setIcon(int)
  y        public hideForSystem()
  y        static access$200(android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  y        public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q24$1)
===============================================================================
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar$2    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q24$2)
===============================================================================
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar$3    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q24$3)
===============================================================================
  b    public onAnimationUpdate(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar$ActionModeImpl       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q24$n)
===============================================================================
  b        public isTitleOptional()
  c        public onCloseSubMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  e        public getTitle()
  eval_e   public invalidate()
  h        public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public getSubtitle()
  j        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  m        public dispatchOnCreate()
  m        public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  m        public setSubtitle(int)
  p        public getCustomView()
  q        public setTitleOptionalHint(boolean)
  r        public getMenuInflater()
  t        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  u        public getMenu()
  w        public finish()
  x        public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  y        public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  z        public setTitle(int)

android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__49)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.WindowDecorActionBar$TabImpl      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q24$y)
===============================================================================
  d        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  e        public getIcon()
  eval_r   public select()
  eval_y   public setContentDescription(int)
  i        public getText()
  l        public setPosition(int)
  l        public setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public setTabListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$TabListener)
  o        public setContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p        public getPosition()
  q        public getContentDescription()
  r        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  u        public setCustomView(int)
  v        public setText(int)
  v        public setTag(java.lang.Object)
  w        public getCallback()
  x        public getCustomView()
  x        public setIcon(int)
  y        public getTag()

android.support.v7.appcompat.BuildConfig (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z6j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.BuildConfig$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z2j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$NullPointerException
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapper     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vjo)
===============================================================================
  f                            public setWrappedDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  w                            public getWrappedDrawable()
  draw                         public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getChangingConfigurations    public getChangingConfigurations()
  getCurrent                   public getCurrent()
  getIntrinsicHeight           public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth            public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getMinimumHeight             public getMinimumHeight()
  getMinimumWidth              public getMinimumWidth()
  getOpacity                   public getOpacity()
  getPadding                   public getPadding(android.graphics.Rect)
  getState                     public getState()
  getTransparentRegion         public getTransparentRegion()
  invalidateDrawable           public invalidateDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  isAutoMirrored               public isAutoMirrored()
  isStateful                   public isStateful()
  jumpToCurrentState           public jumpToCurrentState()
  onBoundsChange               protected onBoundsChange(android.graphics.Rect)
  onLevelChange                protected onLevelChange(int)
  scheduleDrawable             public scheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  setAlpha                     public setAlpha(int)
  setAutoMirrored              public setAutoMirrored(boolean)
  setChangingConfigurations    public setChangingConfigurations(int)
  setColorFilter               public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  setDither                    public setDither(boolean)
  setFilterBitmap              public setFilterBitmap(boolean)
  setHotspot                   public setHotspot(float,float)
  setHotspotBounds             public setHotspotBounds(int,int,int,int)
  setState                     public setState(int[])
  setTint                      public setTint(int)
  setTintList                  public setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  setTintMode                  public setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean,boolean)
  unscheduleDrawable           public unscheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v7.graphics.drawable.DrawableWrapper$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cuk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.graphics.drawable.DrawerArrowDrawable (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_0)
===============================================================================
  b                    public setDirection(int)
  d                    public setBarThickness(float)
  d                    private static lerp(float,float,float)
  eval_b               public getProgress()
  eval_d               public getGapSize()
  eval_x               public getBarLength()
  f                    public getDirection()
  g                    public setArrowShaftLength(float)
  h                    public getArrowShaftLength()
  k                    public isSpinEnabled()
  l                    public setArrowHeadLength(float)
  l                    public setColor(int)
  o                    public setProgress(float)
  q                    public final getPaint()
  q                    public setVerticalMirror(boolean)
  q                    public setGapSize(float)
  s                    public getArrowHeadLength()
  t                    public getBarThickness()
  v                    public getColor()
  v                    public setSpinEnabled(boolean)
  x                    public setBarLength(float)
  draw                 public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getIntrinsicHeight   public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth    public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getOpacity           public getOpacity()
  setAlpha             public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter       public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)

android.support.v7.graphics.drawable.DrawerArrowDrawable$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__fc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.graphics.drawable.DrawerArrowDrawable$ArrowDirection  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v_0$e)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.recyclerview.BuildConfig      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_aar)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.recyclerview.BuildConfig$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v97)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.recyclerview.R
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$IOException
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$dimen
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$id
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.text.AllCapsTransformationMethod      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h6s)
===============================================================================
  getTransformation    public getTransformation(java.lang.CharSequence,android.view.View)
  onFocusChanged       public onFocusChanged(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,int,android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.text.AllCapsTransformationMethod$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ouo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.transition.ActionBarTransition        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e61)
===============================================================================
  n    public static beginDelayedTransition(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v7.transition.ActionBarTransition$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u5h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.util.AsyncListUtil    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fhv)
===============================================================================
  a    static access$200(android.support.v7.util.AsyncListUtil)
  b    public getItemCount()
  b    static access$300(android.support.v7.util.AsyncListUtil)
  c    public getItem(int)
  h    static access$002(android.support.v7.util.AsyncListUtil,int)
  m    private isRefreshPending()
  n    public onRangeChanged()
  p    private transient log(java.lang.String,java.lang.Object[])
  s    static access$102(android.support.v7.util.AsyncListUtil,boolean)
  t    private updateRange()
  u    public refresh()

android.support.v7.util.AsyncListUtil$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fhv$1)
===============================================================================
  g    private isRequestedGeneration(int)
  p    private recycleAllTiles()
  u    public addTile(int,android.support.v7.util.TileList$Tile)
  u    public removeTile(int,int)
  z    public updateItemCount(int,int)

android.support.v7.util.AsyncListUtil$2  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fhv$2)
===============================================================================
  c        private flushTileCache(int)
  eval_v   private isTileLoaded(int)
  g        private addTile(android.support.v7.util.TileList$Tile)
  g        public updateRange(int,int,int,int,int)
  l        private requestTiles(int,int,int,boolean)
  t        private getTileStart(int)
  u        public refresh(int)
  w        public recycleTile(android.support.v7.util.TileList$Tile)
  x        private transient log(java.lang.String,java.lang.Object[])
  y        private acquireTile()
  y        private removeTile(int)
  y        public loadTile(int,int)

android.support.v7.util.AsyncListUtil$DataCallback       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fhv$p)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract refreshData()
  n    public abstract fillData(java.lang.Object[],int,int)
  u    public recycleData(java.lang.Object[],int)
  x    public getMaxCachedTiles()

android.support.v7.util.AsyncListUtil$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_drg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.util.AsyncListUtil$ViewCallback       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fhv$h)
===============================================================================
  p    public extendRangeInto(int[],int[],int)
  u    public abstract getItemRangeInto(int[])
  y    public abstract onDataRefresh()
  y    public abstract onItemLoaded(int)

android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i5b)
===============================================================================
  h    public getBackgroundProxy(android.support.v7.util.ThreadUtil$BackgroundCallback)
  r    public getMainThreadProxy(android.support.v7.util.ThreadUtil$MainThreadCallback)

android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i5b$1)
===============================================================================
  n    private sendMessage(android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$SyncQueueItem)
  r    static access$000(android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$1)
  u    public addTile(int,android.support.v7.util.TileList$Tile)
  u    public removeTile(int,int)
  z    public updateItemCount(int,int)

android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$1$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i5b$1$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$1$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vz7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$2      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i5b$2)
===============================================================================
  e    static access$100(android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$2)
  f    private maybeExecuteBackgroundRunnable()
  g    public updateRange(int,int,int,int,int)
  n    private sendMessageAtFrontOfQueue(android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$SyncQueueItem)
  u    private sendMessage(android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$SyncQueueItem)
  u    public refresh(int)
  w    public recycleTile(android.support.v7.util.TileList$Tile)
  y    public loadTile(int,int)

android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$2$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i5b$2$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$2$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fl8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ofi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$MessageQueue   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i5b$h)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   synchronized next()
  h        synchronized sendMessageAtFrontOfQueue(android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$SyncQueueItem)
  x        synchronized sendMessage(android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$SyncQueueItem)
  z        synchronized removeMessages(int)

android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$SyncQueueItem  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i5b$m)
===============================================================================
  n    static obtainMessage(int,int,int,int,int,int,java.lang.Object)
  s    recycle()
  s    static access$202(android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$SyncQueueItem,android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$SyncQueueItem)
  w    static access$200(android.support.v7.util.MessageThreadUtil$SyncQueueItem)
  w    static obtainMessage(int,int,java.lang.Object)
  y    static obtainMessage(int,int,int)

android.support.v7.util.SortedList       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ced)
===============================================================================
  a        private merge(java.lang.Object[],int)
  b        public transient addAll(java.lang.Object[])
  d        public get(int)
  e        private findIndexOf(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object[],int,int,int)
  e        public addAll(java.util.Collection)
  eval_i   private remove(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_l   public recalculatePositionOfItemAt(int)
  f        private addToData(int,java.lang.Object)
  g        public addAll(java.lang.Object[],boolean)
  i        public removeItemAt(int)
  i        public indexOf(java.lang.Object)
  j        public add(java.lang.Object)
  j        private deduplicate(java.lang.Object[])
  k        private linearEqualitySearch(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  m        public clear()
  m        private findSameItem(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object[],int,int)
  o        public updateItemAt(int,java.lang.Object)
  q        private addAllInternal(java.lang.Object[])
  r        private throwIfMerging()
  t        private removeItemAtIndex(int,boolean)
  v        public beginBatchedUpdates()
  w        public remove(java.lang.Object)
  x        public size()
  x        private add(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  z        public endBatchedUpdates()

android.support.v7.util.SortedList$BatchedCallback       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ced$a)
===============================================================================
  b        public onChanged(int,int)
  i        public onMoved(int,int)
  l        public onRemoved(int,int)
  m        public areItemsTheSame(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  q        static access$000(android.support.v7.util.SortedList$BatchedCallback)
  u        public dispatchLastEvent()
  v        public onInserted(int,int)
  x        public areContentsTheSame(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  compare  public compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v7.util.SortedList$Callback      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ced$j)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract onChanged(int,int)
  i        public abstract onMoved(int,int)
  l        public abstract onRemoved(int,int)
  m        public abstract areItemsTheSame(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  v        public abstract onInserted(int,int)
  x        public abstract areContentsTheSame(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  compare  public abstract compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v7.util.SortedList$Exception     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ul6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.util.ThreadUtil       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kyq)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract getBackgroundProxy(android.support.v7.util.ThreadUtil$BackgroundCallback)
  r    public abstract getMainThreadProxy(android.support.v7.util.ThreadUtil$MainThreadCallback)

android.support.v7.util.ThreadUtil$BackgroundCallback    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kyq$_)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract updateRange(int,int,int,int,int)
  u    public abstract refresh(int)
  w    public abstract recycleTile(android.support.v7.util.TileList$Tile)
  y    public abstract loadTile(int,int)

android.support.v7.util.ThreadUtil$Exception     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y1h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.util.ThreadUtil$MainThreadCallback    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kyq$d)
===============================================================================
  u    public abstract addTile(int,android.support.v7.util.TileList$Tile)
  u    public abstract removeTile(int,int)
  z    public abstract updateItemCount(int,int)

android.support.v7.util.TileList (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__we)
===============================================================================
  eval_d   public getItemAt(int)
  g        public size()
  k        public removeAtPos(int)
  t        public addOrReplace(android.support.v7.util.TileList$Tile)
  v        public clear()
  v        public getAtIndex(int)

android.support.v7.util.TileList$ParseException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gnf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.util.TileList$Tile    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__we$u)
===============================================================================
  g    containsPosition(int)
  h    getByPosition(int)

android.support.v7.view.ActionBarPolicy  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l5g)
===============================================================================
  a        public hasEmbeddedTabs()
  c        public static get(android.content.Context)
  eval_c   public showsOverflowMenuButton()
  i        public getStackedTabMaxWidth()
  m        public getEmbeddedMenuWidthLimit()
  q        public getMaxActionButtons()
  w        public enableHomeButtonByDefault()
  z        public getTabContainerHeight()

android.support.v7.view.ActionBarPolicy$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rmf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.ActionMode       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s0k)
===============================================================================
  b        public isTitleOptional()
  d        public setTag(java.lang.Object)
  e        public abstract getTitle()
  eval_e   public abstract invalidate()
  eval_t   public getTag()
  h        public abstract setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public abstract setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public abstract getSubtitle()
  m        public abstract setSubtitle(int)
  p        public abstract getCustomView()
  q        public setTitleOptionalHint(boolean)
  r        public abstract getMenuInflater()
  s        public getTitleOptionalHint()
  t        public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View)
  u        public abstract getMenu()
  w        public abstract finish()
  y        public isUiFocusable()
  z        public abstract setTitle(int)

android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s0k$_)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onCreateActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)
  q    public abstract onActionItemClicked(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.MenuItem)
  r    public abstract onPrepareActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)
  y    public abstract onDestroyActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)

android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Exception     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iar)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.CollapsibleActionView    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y91)
===============================================================================
  m    public abstract onActionViewCollapsed()
  n    public abstract onActionViewExpanded()

android.support.v7.view.CollapsibleActionView$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iuq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.ContextThemeWrapper      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_val)
===============================================================================
  e                protected onApplyThemeResource(android.content.res.Resources$Theme,int,boolean)
  g                private initializeTheme()
  i                public getThemeResId()
  getSystemService public getSystemService(java.lang.String)
  getTheme         public getTheme()
  setTheme         public setTheme(int)

android.support.v7.view.ContextThemeWrapper$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jg5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.StandaloneActionMode     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nvs)
===============================================================================
  b        public isTitleOptional()
  e        public getTitle()
  eval_e   public invalidate()
  h        public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public getSubtitle()
  m        public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  m        public setSubtitle(int)
  o        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  o        public onCloseSubMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  p        public getCustomView()
  q        public setTitleOptionalHint(boolean)
  r        public getMenuInflater()
  t        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  u        public getMenu()
  w        public finish()
  x        public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  y        public isUiFocusable()
  y        public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  z        public setTitle(int)

android.support.v7.view.StandaloneActionMode$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v4r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.SupportActionModeWrapper (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p6m)
===============================================================================
  finish               public finish()
  getCustomView        public getCustomView()
  getMenu              public getMenu()
  getMenuInflater      public getMenuInflater()
  getSubtitle          public getSubtitle()
  getTag               public getTag()
  getTitle             public getTitle()
  getTitleOptionalHint public getTitleOptionalHint()
  invalidate           public invalidate()
  isTitleOptional      public isTitleOptional()
  setCustomView        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  setSubtitle          public setSubtitle(int)
  setSubtitle          public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTag               public setTag(java.lang.Object)
  setTitle             public setTitle(int)
  setTitle             public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTitleOptionalHint public setTitleOptionalHint(boolean)

android.support.v7.view.SupportActionModeWrapper$CallbackWrapper (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p6m$c)
===============================================================================
  b    public onCreateActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)
  i    private getMenuWrapper(android.view.Menu)
  j    public getActionModeWrapper(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  q    public onActionItemClicked(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.MenuItem)
  r    public onPrepareActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)
  y    public onDestroyActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)

android.support.v7.view.SupportActionModeWrapper$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n2x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.SupportMenuInflater      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ks5)
===============================================================================
  b        static access$300(android.support.v7.view.SupportMenuInflater)
  eval_m   private getRealOwner()
  eval_y   static access$500()
  h        private findRealOwner(java.lang.Object)
  k        static access$200()
  k        static access$400(android.support.v7.view.SupportMenuInflater)
  q        static access$600(android.support.v7.view.SupportMenuInflater)
  s        static access$100(android.support.v7.view.SupportMenuInflater)
  x        private parseMenu(org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.view.Menu)
  inflate  public inflate(int,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.view.SupportMenuInflater$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rur)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.SupportMenuInflater$InflatedOnMenuItemClickListener      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ks5$j)
===============================================================================
  onMenuItemClick  public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.view.SupportMenuInflater$MenuState    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ks5$b)
===============================================================================
  d        public addSubMenuItem()
  e        static access$000(android.support.v7.view.SupportMenuInflater$MenuState)
  eval_f   public hasAddedItem()
  h        public resetGroup()
  j        public readItem(android.util.AttributeSet)
  l        public addItem()
  m        private getShortcut(java.lang.String)
  m        private newInstance(java.lang.String,java.lang.Class[],java.lang.Object[])
  o        private setItem(android.view.MenuItem)
  p        public readGroup(android.util.AttributeSet)

android.support.v7.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l9i)
===============================================================================
  b        public setInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  c        public playSequentially(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  d        static access$200(android.support.v7.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet)
  eval_g   private onAnimationsEnded()
  eval_o   public cancel()
  eval_q   public setDuration(long)
  eval_s   static access$100(android.support.v7.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet)
  h        public play(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  j        static access$000(android.support.v7.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet)
  k        public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  r        public start()

android.support.v7.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l9i$1)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  q    onEnd()

android.support.v7.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h05)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.WindowCallbackWrapper    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s46)
===============================================================================
  dispatchGenericMotionEvent       public dispatchGenericMotionEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  dispatchKeyEvent                 public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  dispatchKeyShortcutEvent         public dispatchKeyShortcutEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  dispatchTouchEvent               public dispatchTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  dispatchTrackballEvent           public dispatchTrackballEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onActionModeFinished             public onActionModeFinished(android.view.ActionMode)
  onActionModeStarted              public onActionModeStarted(android.view.ActionMode)
  onAttachedToWindow               public onAttachedToWindow()
  onContentChanged                 public onContentChanged()
  onCreatePanelMenu                public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  onCreatePanelView                public onCreatePanelView(int)
  onDetachedFromWindow             public onDetachedFromWindow()
  onMenuItemSelected               public onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  onMenuOpened                     public onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  onPanelClosed                    public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  onPreparePanel                   public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  onSearchRequested                public onSearchRequested()
  onSearchRequested                public onSearchRequested(android.view.SearchEvent)
  onWindowAttributesChanged        public onWindowAttributesChanged(android.view.WindowManager$LayoutParams)
  onWindowFocusChanged             public onWindowFocusChanged(boolean)
  onWindowStartingActionMode       public onWindowStartingActionMode(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  onWindowStartingActionMode       public onWindowStartingActionMode(android.view.ActionMode$Callback,int)

android.support.v7.view.WindowCallbackWrapper$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ekc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItem      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_evn)
===============================================================================
  b                            public setExclusiveCheckable(boolean)
  h                            public invoke()
  setActionView                public setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public setActionView(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  v                            public getSupportActionProvider()
  x                            public setSupportActionProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  z                            public setSupportOnActionExpandListener(android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  collapseActionView           public collapseActionView()
  expandActionView             public expandActionView()
  getActionProvider            public getActionProvider()
  getActionView                public getActionView()
  getAlphabeticShortcut        public getAlphabeticShortcut()
  getGroupId                   public getGroupId()
  getIcon                      public getIcon()
  getIntent                    public getIntent()
  getItemId                    public getItemId()
  getMenuInfo                  public getMenuInfo()
  getNumericShortcut           public getNumericShortcut()
  getOrder                     public getOrder()
  getSubMenu                   public getSubMenu()
  getTitle                     public getTitle()
  getTitleCondensed            public getTitleCondensed()
  hasSubMenu                   public hasSubMenu()
  isActionViewExpanded         public isActionViewExpanded()
  isCheckable                  public isCheckable()
  isChecked                    public isChecked()
  isEnabled                    public isEnabled()
  isVisible                    public isVisible()
  setActionProvider            public setActionProvider(android.view.ActionProvider)
  setActionView                public volatile setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public volatile setActionView(int)
  setAlphabeticShortcut        public setAlphabeticShortcut(char)
  setCheckable                 public setCheckable(boolean)
  setChecked                   public setChecked(boolean)
  setEnabled                   public setEnabled(boolean)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(int)
  setIntent                    public setIntent(android.content.Intent)
  setNumericShortcut           public setNumericShortcut(char)
  setOnActionExpandListener    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnActionExpandListener)
  setOnMenuItemClickListener   public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  setShortcut                  public setShortcut(char,char)
  setShowAsAction              public setShowAsAction(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public volatile setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTitleCondensed            public setTitleCondensed(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean)

android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItem$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_woe)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tos)
===============================================================================
  a                        static access$000(android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView)
  b                        public showsIcon()
  b                        static access$200(android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView)
  c                        public getItemData()
  d                        private updateTextButtonVisibility()
  eval_b                   public needsDividerAfter()
  eval_c                   public setItemInvoker(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker)
  eval_d                   public setExpandedFormat(boolean)
  eval_t                   public hasText()
  f                        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  g                        static access$100(android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView)
  q                        public initialize(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,int)
  s                        public needsDividerBefore()
  u                        public prefersCondensedTitle()
  u                        public setCheckable(boolean)
  v                        public setPopupCallback(android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback)
  v                        public setShortcut(boolean,char)
  v                        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y                        public setChecked(boolean)
  onClick                  public onClick(android.view.View)
  onConfigurationChanged   public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onLongClick              public onLongClick(android.view.View)
  onMeasure                protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onTouchEvent             public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setPadding               public setPadding(int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$ActionMenuItemForwardingListener (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tos$v)
===============================================================================
  b    protected onForwardingStarted()
  z    public getPopup()

android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x3o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tos$_)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract getPopup()

android.support.v7.view.menu.BaseMenuPresenter   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_arx)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract bindItemView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView)
  b        public setId(int)
  c        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  c        public createItemView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  d        public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  d        protected addItemView(android.view.View,int)
  eval_o   public getCallback()
  eval_z   public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  g        public getId()
  g        public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  g        public updateMenuView(boolean)
  j        public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  k        public getItemView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  p        public flagActionItems()
  p        public setCallback(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  p        public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  s        protected filterLeftoverView(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  y        public shouldIncludeItem(int,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)

android.support.v7.view.menu.BaseMenuPresenter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wd_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.BaseMenuWrapper     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ikl)
===============================================================================
  a    final internalClear()
  a    final internalRemoveGroup(int)
  m    final getMenuItemWrapper(android.view.MenuItem)
  q    final getSubMenuWrapper(android.view.SubMenu)
  z    final internalRemoveItem(int)

android.support.v7.view.menu.BaseMenuWrapper$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_giq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.BaseWrapper (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wbf)
===============================================================================
  n    public getWrappedObject()

android.support.v7.view.menu.BaseWrapper$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_trg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hv8)
===============================================================================
  a                    public invokeItem(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  d                    public getWindowAnimations()
  u                    public initialize(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onItemClick          public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kq6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bks)
===============================================================================
  b                public showsIcon()
  c                public getItemData()
  e                public setForceShowIcon(boolean)
  f                public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  l                private insertIconView()
  n                private getInflater()
  q                private insertCheckBox()
  q                public initialize(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,int)
  t                private insertRadioButton()
  u                public prefersCondensedTitle()
  u                public setCheckable(boolean)
  v                public setShortcut(boolean,char)
  v                public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y                public setChecked(boolean)
  onFinishInflate  protected onFinishInflate()
  onMeasure        protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ssr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z4y)
===============================================================================
  a            public setItemIndexOffset(int)
  b            public getAdapter()
  c            public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  d            public onSaveInstanceState()
  d            public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  e            public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  eval_k       getItemIndexOffset()
  eval_z       public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  g            public getId()
  g            public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  g            public updateMenuView(boolean)
  j            public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  k            public saveHierarchyState(android.os.Bundle)
  p            public flagActionItems()
  p            public setCallback(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  p            public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  w            static access$000(android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter)
  w            public setId(int)
  x            public restoreHierarchyState(android.os.Bundle)
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_twn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter$MenuAdapter       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z4y$y)
===============================================================================
  getItem              public getItem(int)
  i                    findExpandedIndex()
  getCount             public getCount()
  getItem              public volatile getItem(int)
  getItemId            public getItemId(int)
  getView              public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  notifyDataSetChanged public notifyDataSetChanged()

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ooa)
===============================================================================
  b                        private setHeaderInternal(int,java.lang.CharSequence,int,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.view.View)
  c                        public getRootMenu()
  d                        protected setHeaderViewInt(android.view.View)
  d                        public findItemIndex(int)
  e                        public getContext()
  e                        protected setHeaderIconInt(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  e                        private dispatchSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  e                        public findGroupIndex(int)
  e                        findItemWithShortcutForKey(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  eval__                   public getHeaderTitle()
  eval_b                   private dispatchPresenterUpdate(boolean)
  eval_c                   private static getOrdering(int)
  eval_k                   getOptionalIconsVisible()
  eval_m                   public flagActionItems()
  eval_o                   setOptionalIconsVisible(boolean)
  eval_r                   isQwertyMode()
  eval_s                   public setCallback(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  eval_u                   public getHeaderIcon()
  eval_x                   public getExpandedItem()
  eval_y                   public stopDispatchingItemsChanged()
  f                        public removeMenuPresenter(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter)
  f                        private static findInsertIndex(java.util.ArrayList,int)
  g                        public restoreActionViewStates(android.os.Bundle)
  g                        dispatchMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  g                        public removeItemAt(int)
  g                        protected setHeaderTitleInt(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i                        public getActionItems()
  i                        public performItemAction(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter,int)
  i                        public setOverrideVisibleItems(boolean)
  j                        protected addInternal(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  j                        findItemsWithShortcutForKey(java.util.List,int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  k                        public setShortcutsVisible(boolean)
  l                        private removeItemAtInt(int,boolean)
  m                        public restorePresenterStates(android.os.Bundle)
  n                        public getHeaderView()
  n                        onItemActionRequestChanged(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  n                        public addMenuPresenter(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter)
  o                        public changeMenuMode()
  o                        private dispatchSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter)
  o                        public performItemAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  o                        public onItemsChanged(boolean)
  p                        public final close(boolean)
  q                        public getNonActionItems()
  q                        public setDefaultShowAsAction(int)
  s                        public clearAll()
  s                        public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  s                        public addMenuPresenter(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter,android.content.Context)
  t                        getResources()
  t                        protected setHeaderIconInt(int)
  u                        public startDispatchingItemsChanged()
  u                        private dispatchRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  v                        public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  v                        setExclusiveItemChecked(android.view.MenuItem)
  w                        public savePresenterStates(android.os.Bundle)
  w                        public setCurrentMenuInfo(android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  w                        private setShortcutsVisibleInner(boolean)
  x                        public isShortcutsVisible()
  x                        protected setHeaderTitleInt(int)
  y                        public getVisibleItems()
  z                        protected getActionViewStatesKey()
  z                        public saveActionViewStates(android.os.Bundle)
  z                        onItemVisibleChanged(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  z                        public findGroupIndex(int,int)
  z                        private createNewMenuItem(int,int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence,int)
  add                      public add(int)
  add                      public add(int,int,int,int)
  add                      public add(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  add                      public add(java.lang.CharSequence)
  addIntentOptions         public addIntentOptions(int,int,int,android.content.ComponentName,android.content.Intent[],android.content.Intent,int,android.view.MenuItem[])
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int,int,int,int)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(java.lang.CharSequence)
  clear                    public clear()
  clearHeader              public clearHeader()
  close                    public close()
  findItem                 public findItem(int)
  getItem                  public getItem(int)
  hasVisibleItems          public hasVisibleItems()
  isShortcutKey            public isShortcutKey(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  performIdentifierAction  public performIdentifierAction(int,int)
  performShortcut          public performShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent,int)
  removeGroup              public removeGroup(int)
  removeItem               public removeItem(int)
  setGroupCheckable        public setGroupCheckable(int,boolean,boolean)
  setGroupEnabled          public setGroupEnabled(int,boolean)
  setGroupVisible          public setGroupVisible(int,boolean)
  setQwertyMode            public setQwertyMode(boolean)
  size                     public size()

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ooa$l)
===============================================================================
  x    public abstract onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  y    public abstract onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ooa$m)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract invokeItem(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pgl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuDialogHelper    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xgr)
===============================================================================
  d            public show(android.os.IBinder)
  n            public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  p            public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  p            public setPresenterCallback(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  w            public dismiss()
  onClick      public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
  onDismiss    public onDismiss(android.content.DialogInterface)
  onKey        public onKey(android.content.DialogInterface,int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuDialogHelper$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e21)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vv9)
===============================================================================
  a                            getShortcutLabel()
  b                            public setCallback(java.lang.Runnable)
  d                            getCallback()
  d                            setMenuInfo(android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  e                            getTitleForItemView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView)
  eval_h                       public actionFormatChanged()
  eval_k                       public setSubMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  eval_l                       shouldShowShortcut()
  eval_m                       public requestsActionButton()
  eval_u                       public setActionViewExpanded(boolean)
  eval_x                       public showsTextAsAction()
  f                            public isActionButton()
  f                            public setIsActionButton(boolean)
  g                            public setExclusiveCheckable(boolean)
  i                            public invoke()
  m                            setVisibleInt(boolean)
  o                            getShortcut()
  p                            public getOrdering()
  setActionView                public setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public setActionView(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  t                            static access$000(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  u                            public shouldShowIcon()
  v                            public getSupportActionProvider()
  w                            public isExclusiveCheckable()
  w                            setCheckedInt(boolean)
  x                            public requiresActionButton()
  x                            public setSupportActionProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  z                            public hasCollapsibleActionView()
  z                            public setSupportOnActionExpandListener(android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  collapseActionView           public collapseActionView()
  expandActionView             public expandActionView()
  getActionProvider            public getActionProvider()
  getActionView                public getActionView()
  getAlphabeticShortcut        public getAlphabeticShortcut()
  getGroupId                   public getGroupId()
  getIcon                      public getIcon()
  getIntent                    public getIntent()
  getItemId                    public getItemId()
  getMenuInfo                  public getMenuInfo()
  getNumericShortcut           public getNumericShortcut()
  getOrder                     public getOrder()
  getSubMenu                   public getSubMenu()
  getTitle                     public getTitle()
  getTitleCondensed            public getTitleCondensed()
  hasSubMenu                   public hasSubMenu()
  isActionViewExpanded         public isActionViewExpanded()
  isCheckable                  public isCheckable()
  isChecked                    public isChecked()
  isEnabled                    public isEnabled()
  isVisible                    public isVisible()
  setActionProvider            public setActionProvider(android.view.ActionProvider)
  setActionView                public volatile setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public volatile setActionView(int)
  setAlphabeticShortcut        public setAlphabeticShortcut(char)
  setCheckable                 public setCheckable(boolean)
  setChecked                   public setChecked(boolean)
  setEnabled                   public setEnabled(boolean)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(int)
  setIntent                    public setIntent(android.content.Intent)
  setNumericShortcut           public setNumericShortcut(char)
  setOnActionExpandListener    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnActionExpandListener)
  setOnMenuItemClickListener   public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  setShortcut                  public setShortcut(char,char)
  setShowAsAction              public setShowAsAction(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public volatile setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTitleCondensed            public setTitleCondensed(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean)
  toString                     public toString()

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vv9$1)
===============================================================================
  eval_n   public onActionProviderVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xgj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mjw)
===============================================================================
  b                            createActionProviderWrapper(android.view.ActionProvider)
  z                            public setExclusiveCheckable(boolean)
  collapseActionView           public collapseActionView()
  expandActionView             public expandActionView()
  getActionProvider            public getActionProvider()
  getActionView                public getActionView()
  getAlphabeticShortcut        public getAlphabeticShortcut()
  getGroupId                   public getGroupId()
  getIcon                      public getIcon()
  getIntent                    public getIntent()
  getItemId                    public getItemId()
  getMenuInfo                  public getMenuInfo()
  getNumericShortcut           public getNumericShortcut()
  getOrder                     public getOrder()
  getSubMenu                   public getSubMenu()
  getTitle                     public getTitle()
  getTitleCondensed            public getTitleCondensed()
  hasSubMenu                   public hasSubMenu()
  isActionViewExpanded         public isActionViewExpanded()
  isCheckable                  public isCheckable()
  isChecked                    public isChecked()
  isEnabled                    public isEnabled()
  isVisible                    public isVisible()
  setActionProvider            public setActionProvider(android.view.ActionProvider)
  setActionView                public setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public setActionView(int)
  setAlphabeticShortcut        public setAlphabeticShortcut(char)
  setCheckable                 public setCheckable(boolean)
  setChecked                   public setChecked(boolean)
  setEnabled                   public setEnabled(boolean)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(int)
  setIntent                    public setIntent(android.content.Intent)
  setNumericShortcut           public setNumericShortcut(char)
  setOnActionExpandListener    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnActionExpandListener)
  setOnMenuItemClickListener   public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  setShortcut                  public setShortcut(char,char)
  setShowAsAction              public setShowAsAction(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTitleCondensed            public setTitleCondensed(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean)

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$ActionProviderWrapper    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mjw$m)
===============================================================================
  eval_k   public onCreateActionView()
  l        public onPrepareSubMenu(android.view.SubMenu)
  w        public onPerformDefaultAction()
  y        public hasSubMenu()

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$CollapsibleActionViewWrapper     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mjw$o)
===============================================================================
  k    getWrappedView()
  m    public onActionViewCollapsed()
  n    public onActionViewExpanded()

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$OnActionExpandListenerWrapper    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mjw$r)
===============================================================================
  p    public onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  t    public onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$OnMenuItemClickListenerWrapper   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mjw$h)
===============================================================================
  onMenuItemClick  public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n0g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ebx)
===============================================================================
  b    createActionProviderWrapper(android.view.ActionProvider)

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB$ActionProviderWrapperJB   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ebx$l)
===============================================================================
  b                                public overridesItemVisibility()
  eval_x                           public isVisible()
  g                                public setVisibilityListener(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$VisibilityListener)
  h                                public refreshVisibility()
  p                                public onCreateActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  onActionProviderVisibilityChanged    public onActionProviderVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_amq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g4t)
===============================================================================
  c                public getGravity()
  c                public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  d                public onSaveInstanceState()
  d                public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  d                public setAnchorView(android.view.View)
  e                public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  eval_d           static access$200(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper)
  eval_l           public dismiss()
  eval_r           public isShowing()
  eval_z           public tryShow()
  eval_z           public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  f                public show()
  f                static access$300(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper)
  g                public getId()
  g                public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  g                public updateMenuView(boolean)
  j                public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  k                public getPopup()
  k                static access$100(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper)
  p                public flagActionItems()
  p                public setCallback(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  p                public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  t                private measureContentWidth()
  v                public setGravity(int)
  z                public setForceShowIcon(boolean)
  onDismiss        public onDismiss()
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()
  onItemClick      public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onKey            public onKey(android.view.View,int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s7_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$MenuAdapter (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g4t$x)
===============================================================================
  getItem              public getItem(int)
  k                    static access$000(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$MenuAdapter)
  n                    findExpandedIndex()
  getCount             public getCount()
  getItem              public volatile getItem(int)
  getItemId            public getItemId(int)
  getView              public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  notifyDataSetChanged public notifyDataSetChanged()

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o49)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  d        public abstract onSaveInstanceState()
  d        public abstract onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  e        public abstract onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  eval_z   public abstract initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  g        public abstract getId()
  g        public abstract collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  g        public abstract updateMenuView(boolean)
  j        public abstract expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  p        public abstract flagActionItems()
  p        public abstract setCallback(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  p        public abstract getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_o49$z)
===============================================================================
  n    public abstract onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  p    public abstract onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q_l)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuView    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g__)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract getWindowAnimations()
  u    public abstract initialize(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g__$t)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract showsIcon()
  c        public abstract getItemData()
  eval_z   public abstract setEnabled(boolean)
  f        public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  q        public abstract initialize(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,int)
  u        public abstract prefersCondensedTitle()
  u        public abstract setCheckable(boolean)
  v        public abstract setShortcut(boolean,char)
  v        public abstract setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y        public abstract setChecked(boolean)

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuView$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dky)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuWrapperFactory  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hu_)
===============================================================================
  eval_n   public static wrapSupportMenuItem(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem)
  l        public static wrapSupportSubMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu)
  r        public static wrapSupportMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu)

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuWrapperFactory$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_utd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuWrapperICS      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bqu)
===============================================================================
  add                      public add(int)
  add                      public add(int,int,int,int)
  add                      public add(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  add                      public add(java.lang.CharSequence)
  addIntentOptions         public addIntentOptions(int,int,int,android.content.ComponentName,android.content.Intent[],android.content.Intent,int,android.view.MenuItem[])
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int,int,int,int)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(java.lang.CharSequence)
  clear                    public clear()
  close                    public close()
  findItem                 public findItem(int)
  getItem                  public getItem(int)
  hasVisibleItems          public hasVisibleItems()
  isShortcutKey            public isShortcutKey(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  performIdentifierAction  public performIdentifierAction(int,int)
  performShortcut          public performShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent,int)
  removeGroup              public removeGroup(int)
  removeItem               public removeItem(int)
  setGroupCheckable        public setGroupCheckable(int,boolean,boolean)
  setGroupEnabled          public setGroupEnabled(int,boolean)
  setGroupVisible          public setGroupVisible(int,boolean)
  setQwertyMode            public setQwertyMode(boolean)
  size                     public size()

android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuWrapperICS$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lw9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hg2)
===============================================================================
  c                public getRootMenu()
  eval_r           public isQwertyMode()
  eval_s           public setCallback(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  g                dispatchMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  j                public getParentMenu()
  k                public setShortcutsVisible(boolean)
  s                public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  v                public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  x                public isShortcutsVisible()
  z                public getActionViewStatesKey()
  getItem          public getItem()
  setHeaderIcon    public setHeaderIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setHeaderIcon    public setHeaderIcon(int)
  setHeaderTitle   public setHeaderTitle(int)
  setHeaderTitle   public setHeaderTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setHeaderView    public setHeaderView(android.view.View)
  setIcon          public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon          public setIcon(int)
  setQwertyMode    public setQwertyMode(boolean)

android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xqb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuWrapperICS   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bpm)
===============================================================================
  n                public getWrappedObject()
  clearHeader      public clearHeader()
  getItem          public getItem()
  setHeaderIcon    public setHeaderIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setHeaderIcon    public setHeaderIcon(int)
  setHeaderTitle   public setHeaderTitle(int)
  setHeaderTitle   public setHeaderTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setHeaderView    public setHeaderView(android.view.View)
  setIcon          public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon          public setIcon(int)

android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuWrapperICS$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_li2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dqs)
===============================================================================
  c                        public isOverflowReserved()
  d                        public setupAnimatorToVisibility(int,long)
  eval_c                   public showOverflowMenu()
  eval_f                   public canShowOverflowMenu()
  g                        public postShowOverflowMenu()
  h                        public getContentHeight()
  h                        protected positionChild(android.view.View,int,int,int,boolean)
  k                        public dismissPopupMenus()
  q                        protected measureChildView(android.view.View,int,int,int)
  s                        public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  s                        public animateToVisibility(int)
  t                        static access$001(android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView,int)
  t                        protected static next(int,int,boolean)
  u                        public getAnimatedVisibility()
  w                        public setContentHeight(int)
  x                        public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  x                        static access$101(android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView,int)
  y                        public hideOverflowMenu()
  onConfigurationChanged   protected onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onHoverEvent             public onHoverEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onTouchEvent             public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setVisibility            public setVisibility(int)

android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dqs$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ibb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView$VisibilityAnimListener        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dqs$p)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  p    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  w    public withFinalVisibility(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawable    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wmc)
===============================================================================
  draw             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getOpacity       public getOpacity()
  setAlpha         public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter   public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawable$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ydt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawableV21 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r13)
===============================================================================
  getOutline   public getOutline(android.graphics.Outline)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawableV21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mnx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wsk)
===============================================================================
  d                            public setTabContainer(android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
  e                            private getMeasuredHeightWithMargins(android.view.View)
  i                            private isCollapsed(android.view.View)
  k                            public getTabContainer()
  m                            public setSplitBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  n                            public startActionModeForChild(android.view.View,android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  o                            public setPrimaryBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t                            public setStackedBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  x                            public setTransitioning(boolean)
  drawableStateChanged         protected drawableStateChanged()
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState  public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState()
  onFinishInflate              public onFinishInflate()
  onInterceptTouchEvent        public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                     public onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                    public onMeasure(int,int)
  onTouchEvent                 public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setVisibility                public setVisibility(int)
  startActionModeForChild      public startActionModeForChild(android.view.View,android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  verifyDrawable               protected verifyDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x2_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c91)
===============================================================================
  a                                public initForMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  c                                public volatile isOverflowReserved()
  d                                public closeMode()
  d                                public volatile setupAnimatorToVisibility(int,long)
  d                                public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_c                           public showOverflowMenu()
  eval_f                           public volatile canShowOverflowMenu()
  eval_i                           public isTitleOptional()
  eval_q                           private initTitle()
  g                                public volatile postShowOverflowMenu()
  h                                public volatile getContentHeight()
  k                                public volatile dismissPopupMenus()
  m                                public getSubtitle()
  q                                public killMode()
  q                                public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  r                                public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s                                public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  s                                public volatile animateToVisibility(int)
  t                                public getTitle()
  u                                public volatile getAnimatedVisibility()
  u                                public setTitleOptional(boolean)
  w                                public setContentHeight(int)
  x                                public volatile isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  y                                public hideOverflowMenu()
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  onDetachedFromWindow             public onDetachedFromWindow()
  onHoverEvent                     public volatile onHoverEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onTouchEvent                     public volatile onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setVisibility                    public volatile setVisibility(int)
  shouldDelayChildPressedState     public shouldDelayChildPressedState()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c91$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_avp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e_s)
===============================================================================
  a                                static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  a                                public setWindowCallback(android.view.Window$Callback)
  b                                public getActionBarHideOffset()
  c                                static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  c                                public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_a                           public initFeature(int)
  eval_i                           public canShowOverflowMenu()
  eval_l                           public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  eval_o                           public restoreToolbarHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  eval_q                           public dismissPopups()
  eval_r                           public setMenu(android.view.Menu,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  eval_s                           private postAddActionBarHideOffset()
  eval_y                           private postRemoveActionBarHideOffset()
  f                                static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  f                                public setShowingForActionMode(boolean)
  f                                public setUiOptions(int)
  g                                public hasLogo()
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  h                                public setMenuPrepared()
  h                                public setIcon(int)
  i                                private removeActionBarHideOffset()
  i                                public setOverlayMode(boolean)
  j                                private addActionBarHideOffset()
  k                                static access$102(android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout,boolean)
  k                                public setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
  l                                pullChildren()
  l                                private applyInsets(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect,boolean,boolean,boolean,boolean)
  m                                public hideOverflowMenu()
  n                                public hasIcon()
  n                                static access$002(android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  q                                public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  q                                private getDecorToolbar(android.view.View)
  r                                private haltActionBarHideOffsetAnimations()
  r                                public setActionBarVisibilityCallback(android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback)
  s                                public setHasNonEmbeddedTabs(boolean)
  t                                public setActionBarHideOffset(int)
  u                                public showOverflowMenu()
  u                                public saveToolbarHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  u                                public setLogo(int)
  w                                public getTitle()
  w                                private shouldHideActionBarOnFling(float,float)
  x                                public isInOverlayMode()
  y                                public isHideOnContentScrollEnabled()
  y                                public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  z                                private init(android.content.Context)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  draw                             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  fitSystemWindows                 protected fitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  getNestedScrollAxes              public getNestedScrollAxes()
  onConfigurationChanged           protected onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onNestedFling                    public onNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  onNestedPreFling                 public onNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
  onNestedPreScroll                public onNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[])
  onNestedScroll                   public onNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  onNestedScrollAccepted           public onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  onStartNestedScroll              public onStartNestedScroll(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  onStopNestedScroll               public onStopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
  onWindowSystemUiVisibilityChanged    public onWindowSystemUiVisibilityChanged(int)
  onWindowVisibilityChanged        protected onWindowVisibilityChanged(int)
  shouldDelayChildPressedState     public shouldDelayChildPressedState()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e_s$1)
===============================================================================
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  p    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$2       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e_s$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$3       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e_s$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e_s$g)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract enableContentAnimations(boolean)
  eval_d   public abstract onContentScrollStarted()
  eval_t   public abstract onContentScrollStopped()
  eval_w   public abstract onWindowVisibilityChanged(int)
  s        public abstract showForSystem()
  y        public abstract hideForSystem()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ky7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$LayoutParams    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e_s$a)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl)
===============================================================================
  a        public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  b        public getOverflowIcon()
  b        public bindItemView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView)
  b        static access$302(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter,android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OpenOverflowRunnable)
  c        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  c        public setReserveOverflow(boolean)
  d        public onSaveInstanceState()
  d        public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  d        static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  e        public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  eval__   public dismissPopupMenus()
  eval_d   static access$700(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  eval_x   public hideSubMenus()
  eval_y   public setMenuView(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView)
  eval_z   public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  eval_z   static access$1000(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  f        public hideOverflowMenu()
  g        public updateMenuView(boolean)
  h        public setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  i        static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  i        public onSubUiVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  j        static access$800(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  k        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  k        public getItemView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  k        private findViewForItem(android.view.MenuItem)
  m        public isOverflowReserved()
  n        public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  o        static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  o        static access$202(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter,android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowPopup)
  o        public setWidthLimit(int,boolean)
  p        public flagActionItems()
  p        public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  q        public showOverflowMenu()
  q        static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  q        public setItemLimit(int)
  s        static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  s        public filterLeftoverView(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  v        public setExpandedActionViewsExclusive(boolean)
  w        static access$802(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter,android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionButtonSubmenu)
  y        static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  y        public shouldIncludeItem(int,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionButtonSubmenu        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$f)
===============================================================================
  onDismiss    public onDismiss()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionMenuPopupCallback    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$x)
===============================================================================
  f    public getPopup()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_btp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OpenOverflowRunnable       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$r)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$t)
===============================================================================
  eval_b       public needsDividerAfter()
  s            public needsDividerBefore()
  performClick public performClick()
  setFrame     protected setFrame(int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$t$1)
===============================================================================
  b    public onForwardingStarted()
  n    public onForwardingStopped()
  z    public getPopup()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton$Exception       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r06)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowPopup      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$c)
===============================================================================
  onDismiss    public onDismiss()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$PopupPresenterCallback     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$_)
===============================================================================
  n    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  p    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$b)
===============================================================================
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mxl$b$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g2n)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_udv)
===============================================================================
  a                                public invokeItem(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  a                                public setExpandedActionViewsExclusive(boolean)
  b                                protected hasSupportDividerBeforeChildAt(int)
  d                                public getWindowAnimations()
  e                                public isOverflowReserved()
  eval_s                           public dismissPopupMenus()
  eval_t                           public showOverflowMenu()
  f                                public generateOverflowButtonLayoutParams()
  g                                public getOverflowIcon()
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  h                                public hideOverflowMenu()
  i                                public setOverflowReserved(boolean)
  k                                public setPopupTheme(int)
  l                                public getMenu()
  m                                public setPresenter(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  m                                static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView)
  n                                public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  o                                static measureChildForCells(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  r                                public getPopupTheme()
  s                                public setMenuCallbacks(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  t                                public peekMenu()
  u                                public setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  u                                public initialize(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  v                                public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  v                                static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView)
  v                                private onMeasureExactFormat(int,int)
  x                                public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected volatile generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onConfigurationChanged           public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onDetachedFromWindow             public onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_udv$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$ActionMenuChildView     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_udv$m)
===============================================================================
  eval_b   public abstract needsDividerAfter()
  s        public abstract needsDividerBefore()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$ActionMenuPresenterCallback     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_udv$x)
===============================================================================
  n    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  p    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$LayoutParams    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_udv$o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$MenuBuilderCallback     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_udv$j)
===============================================================================
  x    public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  y    public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q6v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_udv$u)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v)
===============================================================================
  a        public chooseActivity(int)
  b        public getHistorySize()
  d        public getDefaultActivity()
  d        static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
  d        private addHisoricalRecord(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$HistoricalRecord)
  e        private readHistoricalDataIfNeeded()
  eval__   public setDefaultActivity(int)
  eval_e   static access$300()
  eval_m   private persistHistoricalDataIfNeeded()
  f        private loadActivitiesIfNeeded()
  g        private pruneExcessiveHistoricalRecordsIfNeeded()
  j        private sortActivitiesIfNeeded()
  j        public setActivitySorter(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivitySorter)
  j        public setOnChooseActivityListener(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$OnChooseActivityListener)
  k        public getHistoryMaxSize()
  l        private readHistoricalDataImpl()
  l        public setHistoryMaxSize(int)
  p        public getIntent()
  p        public getActivityIndex(android.content.pm.ResolveInfo)
  p        public getActivity(int)
  r        public setIntent(android.content.Intent)
  t        static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
  u        private ensureConsistentState()
  u        static access$502(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel,boolean)
  v        public getActivityCount()
  v        public static get(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityChooserModelClient        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v$v)
===============================================================================
  eval_e   public abstract setActivityChooserModel(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel)

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityResolveInfo       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v$s)
===============================================================================
  r            public compareTo(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityResolveInfo)
  compareTo    public volatile compareTo(java.lang.Object)
  equals       public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode     public hashCode()
  toString     public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivitySorter    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v$a)
===============================================================================
  y    public abstract sort(android.content.Intent,java.util.List,java.util.List)

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j6m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$DefaultSorter     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v$i)
===============================================================================
  y    public sort(android.content.Intent,java.util.List,java.util.List)

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$HistoricalRecord  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v$eval_n)
===============================================================================
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$OnChooseActivityListener  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v$d)
===============================================================================
  s    public abstract onChooseActivity(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel$PersistHistoryAsyncTask   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0v$eval_g)
===============================================================================
  doInBackground   public transient doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  doInBackground   public volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tnp)
===============================================================================
  a                    static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  b                    public getDataModel()
  b                    static access$800(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  c                    public setProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  d                    private updateAppearance()
  d                    static access$602(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView,boolean)
  d                    private showPopupUnchecked(int)
  e                    public setInitialActivityCount(int)
  eval_e               public setActivityChooserModel(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
  eval_p               private getListPopupWindow()
  eval_u               static access$1100(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  eval_z               public setDefaultActionButtonContentDescription(int)
  g                    public dismissPopup()
  g                    static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  g                    public setExpandActivityOverflowButtonContentDescription(int)
  h                    public setOnDismissListener(android.widget.PopupWindow$OnDismissListener)
  l                    static access$700(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  n                    static access$1000(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  p                    public setExpandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  r                    public showPopup()
  r                    static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  s                    static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  u                    static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView,int)
  w                    public isShowingPopup()
  w                    static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  onAttachedToWindow   protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout             protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tnp$1)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$2  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tnp$2)
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$3  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tnp$3)
===============================================================================
  b    protected onForwardingStarted()
  n    protected onForwardingStopped()
  z    public getPopup()

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$4  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tnp$4)
===============================================================================
  onChanged    public onChanged()

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$ActivityChooserViewAdapter (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tnp$e)
===============================================================================
  a                public getHistorySize()
  a                public setShowDefaultActivity(boolean,boolean)
  f                public setMaxActivityCount(int)
  j                public getShowDefaultActivity()
  j                public setDataModel(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
  t                public getActivityCount()
  u                public measureContentWidth()
  w                public getDataModel()
  w                public setShowFooterView(boolean)
  x                public getDefaultActivity()
  getCount         public getCount()
  getItem          public getItem(int)
  getItemId        public getItemId(int)
  getItemViewType  public getItemViewType(int)
  getView          public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getViewTypeCount public getViewTypeCount()

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$Callbacks  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tnp$y)
===============================================================================
  n            private notifyOnDismissListener()
  onClick      public onClick(android.view.View)
  onDismiss    public onDismiss()
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onLongClick  public onLongClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tnp$j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bev)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jb5)
===============================================================================
  b    private applyMove(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  c    preProcess()
  d    public recycleUpdateOp(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  e    consumeUpdatesInOnePass()
  e    private applyUpdate(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  e    onItemRangeRemoved(int,int)
  g    private dispatchAndUpdateViewHolders(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  h    findPositionOffset(int,int)
  i    consumePostponedUpdates()
  i    private applyRemove(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  i    hasAnyUpdateTypes(int)
  k    onItemRangeMoved(int,int,int)
  l    private postponeAndUpdateViewHolders(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  l    private updatePositionWithPostponed(int,int)
  m    private applyAdd(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  o    dispatchFirstPassAndUpdateViewHolders(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp,int)
  p    hasPendingUpdates()
  p    private canFindInPreLayout(int)
  s    onItemRangeInserted(int,int)
  s    recycleUpdateOpsAndClearList(java.util.List)
  t    public applyPendingUpdatesToPosition(int)
  v    reset()
  w    public obtainUpdateOp(int,int,int,java.lang.Object)
  w    onItemRangeChanged(int,int,java.lang.Object)
  x    findPositionOffset(int)
  y    transient addUpdateOp(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp[])
  z    hasUpdates()

android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$Callback (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jb5$v)
===============================================================================
  eval_x   public abstract offsetPositionsForAdd(int,int)
  f        public abstract offsetPositionsForRemovingInvisible(int,int)
  i        public abstract findViewHolder(int)
  o        public abstract onDispatchFirstPass(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  p        public abstract offsetPositionsForMove(int,int)
  r        public abstract offsetPositionsForRemovingLaidOutOrNewView(int,int)
  t        public abstract markViewHoldersUpdated(int,int,java.lang.Object)
  y        public abstract onDispatchSecondPass(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)

android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cwi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jb5$d)
===============================================================================
  o        cmdToString()
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_enk)
===============================================================================
  j                                public getSupportBackgroundTintList()
  l                                public setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  v                                public setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  x                                public getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
  drawableStateChanged             protected drawableStateChanged()
  setBackgroundDrawable            public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setBackgroundResource            public setBackgroundResource(int)
  setDropDownBackgroundResource    public setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
  setTextAppearance                public setTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView$NullPointerException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d4x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatBackgroundHelper      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ynx)
===============================================================================
  a    applySupportBackgroundTint()
  a    setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  c    onSetBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  f    setInternalBackgroundTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  h    getSupportBackgroundTintList()
  o    private applyFrameworkTintUsingColorFilter(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  q    loadFromAttributes(android.util.AttributeSet,int)
  u    setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  u    onSetBackgroundResource(int)
  z    getSupportBackgroundTintMode()

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatBackgroundHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__eu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c02)
===============================================================================
  j                                public getSupportBackgroundTintList()
  l                                public setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  v                                public setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  x                                public getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
  z                                public setSupportAllCaps(boolean)
  drawableStateChanged             protected drawableStateChanged()
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  setBackgroundDrawable            public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setBackgroundResource            public setBackgroundResource(int)
  setTextAppearance                public setTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ry_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j2e)
===============================================================================
  a                        public getSupportButtonTintMode()
  f                        public setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  j                        public setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  o                        public getSupportButtonTintList()
  getCompoundPaddingLeft   public getCompoundPaddingLeft()
  setButtonDrawable        public setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setButtonDrawable        public setButtonDrawable(int)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zg_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_efl)
===============================================================================
  drawableStateChanged protected drawableStateChanged()
  setCheckMarkDrawable public setCheckMarkDrawable(int)
  setTextAppearance    public setTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l6k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCompoundButtonHelper  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ezr)
===============================================================================
  d    getCompoundPaddingLeft(int)
  f    onSetButtonDrawable()
  h    getSupportButtonTintList()
  t    setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  u    applyButtonTint()
  w    loadFromAttributes(android.util.AttributeSet,int)
  x    getSupportButtonTintMode()
  x    setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCompoundButtonHelper$DirectSetButtonDrawableInterface (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ezr$l)
===============================================================================
  l    public abstract setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCompoundButtonHelper$NullPointerException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a7q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lu2)
===============================================================================
  a        public static tintDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.support.v7.widget.TintInfo,int[])
  b        private getCachedDrawable(android.content.Context,long)
  e        public static get()
  e        private createSeekbarThumbColorStateList(android.content.Context)
  eval_s   private createSpinnerColorStateList(android.content.Context)
  eval_v   private createCheckableButtonColorStateList(android.content.Context)
  eval_z   private createDrawableIfNeeded(android.content.Context,int)
  f        private static arrayContains(int[],int)
  g        private loadDrawableFromDelegates(android.content.Context,int)
  i        private createBorderlessButtonColorStateList(android.content.Context)
  i        private static setPorterDuffColorFilter(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  i        private addDelegate(java.lang.String,android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager$InflateDelegate)
  j        private createColoredButtonColorStateList(android.content.Context)
  j        public final getTintList(android.content.Context,int)
  j        private addDrawableToCache(android.content.Context,long,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  k        private createDefaultButtonColorStateList(android.content.Context)
  k        private static installDefaultInflateDelegates(android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager)
  l        private createEditTextColorStateList(android.content.Context)
  l        public static getPorterDuffColorFilter(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  m        private createDefaultColorStateList(android.content.Context)
  m        public final onDrawableLoadedFromResources(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.widget.VectorEnabledTintResources,int)
  m        private getTintListFromCache(android.content.Context,int)
  m        private removeDelegate(java.lang.String,android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager$InflateDelegate)
  n        public getDrawable(android.content.Context,int,boolean)
  n        private static createCacheKey(android.util.TypedValue)
  o        private createSwitchThumbColorStateList(android.content.Context)
  u        public getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)
  u        private addTintListToCache(android.content.Context,int,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  u        final getTintMode(int)
  v        private static isVectorDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  w        private createSwitchTrackColorStateList(android.content.Context)
  w        static tintDrawableUsingColorFilter(android.content.Context,int,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  w        private tintDrawable(android.content.Context,int,boolean,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  z        private createButtonColorStateList(android.content.Context,int)
  z        private static createTintFilter(android.content.res.ColorStateList,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode,int[])

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lu2$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager$AvdcInflateDelegate   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lu2$v)
===============================================================================
  r    public createFromXmlInner(android.content.Context,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager$ColorFilterLruCache   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lu2$c)
===============================================================================
  a    get(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  h    private static generateCacheKey(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  k    put(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode,android.graphics.PorterDuffColorFilter)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager$InflateDelegate       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lu2$f)
===============================================================================
  r    public abstract createFromXmlInner(android.content.Context,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager$NullPointerException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pea)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager$VdcInflateDelegate    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lu2$q)
===============================================================================
  r    public createFromXmlInner(android.content.Context,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ekv)
===============================================================================
  j                        public getSupportBackgroundTintList()
  l                        public setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  v                        public setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  x                        public getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
  drawableStateChanged     protected drawableStateChanged()
  setBackgroundDrawable    public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setBackgroundResource    public setBackgroundResource(int)
  setTextAppearance        public setTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yzr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gdi)
===============================================================================
  j                        public getSupportBackgroundTintList()
  l                        public setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  v                        public setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  x                        public getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
  drawableStateChanged     protected drawableStateChanged()
  setBackgroundDrawable    public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setBackgroundResource    public setBackgroundResource(int)
  setImageResource         public setImageResource(int)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j_i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageHelper   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y3r)
===============================================================================
  u    public loadFromAttributes(android.util.AttributeSet,int)
  u    public setImageResource(int)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x8t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k6g)
===============================================================================
  j                        public getSupportBackgroundTintList()
  l                        public setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  v                        public setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  x                        public getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
  drawableStateChanged     protected drawableStateChanged()
  setBackgroundDrawable    public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setBackgroundResource    public setBackgroundResource(int)
  setImageResource         public setImageResource(int)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__m6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yql)
===============================================================================
  j                                public getSupportBackgroundTintList()
  l                                public setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  v                                public setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  x                                public getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
  drawableStateChanged             protected drawableStateChanged()
  setBackgroundDrawable            public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setBackgroundResource            public setBackgroundResource(int)
  setDropDownBackgroundResource    public setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
  setTextAppearance                public setTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView$NullPointerException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n_f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ada)
===============================================================================
  f                public getSupportOverlapAnchor()
  l                public setSupportOverlapAnchor(boolean)
  z                private static wrapOnScrollChangedListener(android.widget.PopupWindow)
  showAsDropDown   public showAsDropDown(android.view.View,int,int)
  showAsDropDown   public showAsDropDown(android.view.View,int,int,int)
  update           public update(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ada$1)
===============================================================================
  onScrollChanged  public onScrollChanged()

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n45)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatProgressBarHelper     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a0u)
===============================================================================
  e    loadFromAttributes(android.util.AttributeSet,int)
  g    private tileify(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  j    private getDrawableShape()
  n    getSampleTime()
  x    private tileifyIndeterminate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatProgressBarHelper$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vbp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xfy)
===============================================================================
  a                        public getSupportButtonTintMode()
  f                        public setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  j                        public setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  o                        public getSupportButtonTintList()
  getCompoundPaddingLeft   public getCompoundPaddingLeft()
  setButtonDrawable        public setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setButtonDrawable        public setButtonDrawable(int)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kbp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRatingBar     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fjh)
===============================================================================
  onMeasure    protected synchronized onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRatingBar$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cj5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSeekBar       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iqp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSeekBar$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kdv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSeekBarHelper (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s69)
===============================================================================
  e    loadFromAttributes(android.util.AttributeSet,int)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSeekBarHelper$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a7j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gf6)
===============================================================================
  eval_d                       static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner)
  g                            static access$100()
  h                            static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner)
  j                            public getSupportBackgroundTintList()
  l                            public setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  n                            private compatMeasureContentWidth(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p                            static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner)
  r                            static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner,android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v                            public setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  x                            public getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
  drawableStateChanged         protected drawableStateChanged()
  getDropDownHorizontalOffset  public getDropDownHorizontalOffset()
  getDropDownVerticalOffset    public getDropDownVerticalOffset()
  getDropDownWidth             public getDropDownWidth()
  getPopupBackground           public getPopupBackground()
  getPopupContext              public getPopupContext()
  getPrompt                    public getPrompt()
  onDetachedFromWindow         protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onTouchEvent                 public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  performClick                 public performClick()
  setAdapter                   public volatile setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
  setAdapter                   public setAdapter(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter)
  setBackgroundDrawable        public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setBackgroundResource        public setBackgroundResource(int)
  setDropDownHorizontalOffset  public setDropDownHorizontalOffset(int)
  setDropDownVerticalOffset    public setDropDownVerticalOffset(int)
  setDropDownWidth             public setDropDownWidth(int)
  setPopupBackgroundDrawable   public setPopupBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setPopupBackgroundResource   public setPopupBackgroundResource(int)
  setPrompt                    public setPrompt(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gf6$1)
===============================================================================
  b    public onForwardingStarted()
  z    public getPopup()

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$DropDownAdapter       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gf6$p)
===============================================================================
  areAllItemsEnabled           public areAllItemsEnabled()
  getCount                     public getCount()
  getDropDownView              public getDropDownView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getItem                      public getItem(int)
  getItemId                    public getItemId(int)
  getItemViewType              public getItemViewType(int)
  getView                      public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getViewTypeCount             public getViewTypeCount()
  hasStableIds                 public hasStableIds()
  isEmpty                      public isEmpty()
  isEnabled                    public isEnabled(int)
  registerDataSetObserver      public registerDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)
  unregisterDataSetObserver    public unregisterDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$DropdownPopup (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gf6$o)
===============================================================================
  c        static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$DropdownPopup)
  eval_p   public setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  h        static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$DropdownPopup,android.view.View)
  h        public setPromptText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public show()
  p        private isVisibleToUser(android.view.View)
  q        static access$701(android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$DropdownPopup)
  y        computeContentWidth()
  z        public getHintText()

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$DropdownPopup$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gf6$o$1)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$DropdownPopup$2       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gf6$o$2)
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$DropdownPopup$3       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gf6$o$3)
===============================================================================
  onDismiss    public onDismiss()

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$DropdownPopup$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xvd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rt6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextHelper    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l65)
===============================================================================
  j    applyCompoundDrawablesTints()
  p    protected static createTintInfo(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatDrawableManager,int)
  p    final applyCompoundDrawableTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.support.v7.widget.TintInfo)
  r    static create(android.widget.TextView)
  u    setAllCaps(boolean)
  w    onSetTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)
  w    loadFromAttributes(android.util.AttributeSet,int)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q3_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextHelperV17 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gfb)
===============================================================================
  j    applyCompoundDrawablesTints()
  w    loadFromAttributes(android.util.AttributeSet,int)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextHelperV17$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y_s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ilh)
===============================================================================
  j                        public getSupportBackgroundTintList()
  l                        public setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  v                        public setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  x                        public getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
  drawableStateChanged     protected drawableStateChanged()
  setBackgroundDrawable    public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setBackgroundResource    public setBackgroundResource(int)
  setTextAppearance        public setTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)

android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lmt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ButtonBarLayout        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d9m)
===============================================================================
  h            private setStacked(boolean)
  w            private isStacked()
  w            public setAllowStacking(boolean)
  onMeasure    protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ButtonBarLayout$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zx9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ChildHelper    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iuu)
===============================================================================
  b        removeViewIfHidden(android.view.View)
  c        addView(android.view.View,boolean)
  d        indexOfChild(android.view.View)
  eval_d   hide(android.view.View)
  eval_f   private unhideViewInternal(android.view.View)
  eval_t   getChildAt(int)
  eval_u   private getOffset(int)
  f        removeAllViewsUnfiltered()
  f        addView(android.view.View,int,boolean)
  g        attachViewToParent(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams,boolean)
  g        detachViewFromParent(int)
  h        getChildCount()
  j        findHiddenNonRemovedView(int,int)
  m        removeView(android.view.View)
  u        private hideViewInternal(android.view.View)
  v        getUnfilteredChildCount()
  w        unhide(android.view.View)
  w        getUnfilteredChildAt(int)
  y        removeViewAt(int)
  z        isHidden(android.view.View)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.ChildHelper$Bucket     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iuu$r)
===============================================================================
  c        insert(int,boolean)
  e        clear(int)
  eval_a   countOnesBefore(int)
  eval_u   reset()
  n        set(int)
  o        remove(int)
  t        get(int)
  w        private ensureNext()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.ChildHelper$Callback   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iuu$f)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract onLeftHiddenState(android.view.View)
  eval_n   public abstract getChildAt(int)
  eval_s   public abstract getChildCount()
  g        public abstract getChildViewHolder(android.view.View)
  g        public abstract detachViewFromParent(int)
  h        public abstract addView(android.view.View,int)
  k        public abstract removeAllViews()
  k        public abstract indexOfChild(android.view.View)
  q        public abstract onEnteredHiddenState(android.view.View)
  s        public abstract attachViewToParent(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  v        public abstract removeViewAt(int)

android.support.v7.widget.ChildHelper$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qu5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gqv)
===============================================================================
  b                    public getFixedWidthMajor()
  h                    public getFixedHeightMinor()
  m                    public getMinWidthMajor()
  m                    public setAttachListener(android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout$OnAttachListener)
  o                    public setDecorPadding(int,int,int,int)
  p                    public getFixedWidthMinor()
  q                    public getFixedHeightMajor()
  w                    public dispatchFitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)
  y                    public getMinWidthMinor()
  onAttachedToWindow   protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mv1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout$OnAttachListener    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gqv$f)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract onAttachedFromWindow()
  r    public abstract onDetachedFromWindow()

android.support.v7.widget.DecorContentParent     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_y8l)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract setWindowCallback(android.view.Window$Callback)
  c        public abstract setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_a   public abstract initFeature(int)
  eval_i   public abstract canShowOverflowMenu()
  eval_l   public abstract isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  eval_o   public abstract restoreToolbarHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  eval_q   public abstract dismissPopups()
  eval_r   public abstract setMenu(android.view.Menu,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  f        public abstract setUiOptions(int)
  g        public abstract hasLogo()
  h        public abstract setMenuPrepared()
  h        public abstract setIcon(int)
  m        public abstract hideOverflowMenu()
  n        public abstract hasIcon()
  q        public abstract isOverflowMenuShowing()
  u        public abstract showOverflowMenu()
  u        public abstract saveToolbarHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  u        public abstract setLogo(int)
  w        public abstract getTitle()
  y        public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.widget.DecorContentParent$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j2i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.DecorToolbar   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gtp)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract hideOverflowMenu()
  a        public abstract setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  a        public abstract animateToVisibility(int)
  b        public abstract hasLogo()
  b        public abstract setLogo(int)
  c        public abstract hasExpandedActionView()
  c        public abstract setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  c        public abstract setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  d        public abstract getTitle()
  d        public abstract setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  e        public abstract canShowOverflowMenu()
  eval__   public abstract dismissPopupMenus()
  eval_b   public abstract setMenuPrepared()
  eval_g   public abstract getVisibility()
  eval_g   public abstract setMenu(android.view.Menu,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  eval_j   public abstract initIndeterminateProgress()
  eval_k   public abstract getDropdownSelectedPosition()
  eval_m   public abstract setDefaultNavigationContentDescription(int)
  eval_n   public abstract getSubtitle()
  eval_p   public abstract isTitleTruncated()
  eval_q   public abstract setCollapsible(boolean)
  eval_s   public abstract getCustomView()
  eval_t   public abstract setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_x   public abstract setDisplayOptions(int)
  eval_y   public abstract getDisplayOptions()
  eval_z   public abstract isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  f        public abstract initProgress()
  f        public abstract setDefaultNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  f        public abstract setIcon(int)
  g        public abstract hasEmbeddedTabs()
  h        public abstract setNavigationMode(int)
  i        public abstract setNavigationIcon(int)
  j        public abstract setDropdownParams(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.widget.AdapterView$OnItemSelectedListener)
  j        public abstract setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  l        public abstract getDropdownItemCount()
  m        public abstract collapseActionView()
  m        public abstract setEmbeddedTabView(android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
  n        public abstract setDropdownSelectedPosition(int)
  o        public abstract getNavigationMode()
  p        public abstract showOverflowMenu()
  p        public abstract restoreHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  q        public abstract getMenu()
  q        public abstract setupAnimatorToVisibility(int,long)
  r        public abstract getViewGroup()
  t        public abstract setWindowCallback(android.view.Window$Callback)
  u        public abstract hasIcon()
  u        public abstract setMenuCallbacks(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  v        public abstract isOverflowMenuShowing()
  v        public abstract setNavigationContentDescription(int)
  w        public abstract getHeight()
  w        public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View)
  w        public abstract setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  x        public abstract setVisibility(int)
  y        public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  z        public abstract getContext()
  z        public abstract setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  z        public abstract saveHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)

android.support.v7.widget.DecorToolbar$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b19)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71)
===============================================================================
  b        static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator)
  b        public animateMove(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int,int,int,int)
  e        static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_h   private animateRemoveImpl(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_i   public endAnimation(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_l   private animateAddImpl(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_y   private animateChangeImpl(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$ChangeInfo)
  eval_z   public animateChange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int,int,int,int)
  f        public runPendingAnimations()
  f        static access$1100(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator)
  f        private endChangeAnimation(java.util.List,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  g        static access$1300(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator)
  g        public animateAdd(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  h        cancelAll(java.util.List)
  i        private endChangeAnimationIfNecessary(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$ChangeInfo)
  i        public canReuseUpdatedViewHolder(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,java.util.List)
  j        public isRunning()
  j        static access$700(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator)
  k        static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int,int,int,int)
  l        static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator,android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$ChangeInfo)
  l        private resetAnimation(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  m        static access$800(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator)
  n        private dispatchFinishedWhenDone()
  p        static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator)
  p        private animateMoveImpl(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int,int,int,int)
  r        public endAnimations()
  t        private endChangeAnimationIfNecessary(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$ChangeInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  v        public animateRemove(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  w        static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator)
  z        static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator)

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$2  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$3  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$4  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$4)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$5  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$5)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  p    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$6  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$6)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  p    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$7  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$7)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$8  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$8)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$ChangeInfo (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$_)
===============================================================================
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$MoveInfo   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wuz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.DefaultItemAnimator$VpaListenerAdapter (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g71$g)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  p    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.DialogTitle    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ovk)
===============================================================================
  onMeasure    protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.DialogTitle$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jou)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.DrawableUtils  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c49)
===============================================================================
  j    static fixDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  o    private static fixVectorDrawableTinting(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  r    public static getOpticalBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  s    public static canSafelyMutateDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  u    static parseTintMode(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)

android.support.v7.widget.DrawableUtils$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_eyx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pax)
===============================================================================
  y                public setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
  fitSystemWindows protected fitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j57)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ogr)
===============================================================================
  y                public setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
  fitSystemWindows protected fitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ix3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vib)
===============================================================================
  y    public abstract setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)

android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_glc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vib$d)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onFitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__w4)
===============================================================================
  a        public setMeasuredDimension(android.graphics.Rect,int,int)
  b        public onLayoutChildren(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  b        public onFocusSearchFailed(android.view.View,int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  c        private getSpanSize(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  c        public scrollVerticallyBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  e        public getSpanSizeLookup()
  e        onAnchorReady(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo,int)
  e        private getSpanIndex(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  e        public generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  eval_dy  private cachePreLayoutSpanMapping()
  eval_k   private calculateItemBorders(int)
  eval_p1  private ensureViewSet()
  eval_v   public checkLayoutParams(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutParams)
  eval_x_  private updateMeasurements()
  eval_xq  private clearPreLayoutSpanMappingCache()
  f        public getColumnCountForAccessibility(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  f        findReferenceChild(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int,int,int)
  h        public supportsPredictiveItemAnimations()
  h        public generateLayoutParams(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  h        public onItemsMoved(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int,int)
  i        static calculateItemBorders(int[],int,int)
  j        public onItemsUpdated(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int,java.lang.Object)
  k        layoutChunk(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutState,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutChunkResult)
  k        private guessMeasurement(float,int)
  m        private ensureAnchorIsInCorrectSpan(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo,int)
  n        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfoForItem(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  n        public setStackFromEnd(boolean)
  n        public setSpanCount(int)
  o        public getRowCountForAccessibility(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  o        private updateSpecWithExtra(int,int,int)
  p        public onItemsRemoved(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  s        public getSpanCount()
  w        public generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  w        public onItemsChanged(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  w        private measureChildWithDecorationsAndMargin(android.view.View,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  w        public scrollHorizontallyBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  x        private getSpanGroupIndex(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  x        public onItemsAdded(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  y        private assignSpans(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int,int,boolean)
  z        public setSpanSizeLookup(android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$SpanSizeLookup)

android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$DefaultSpanSizeLookup        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__w4$i)
===============================================================================
  m    public getSpanIndex(int,int)
  y    public getSpanSize(int)

android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sff)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$LayoutParams (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__w4$v)
===============================================================================
  e        static access$102(android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$LayoutParams,int)
  eval_s   static access$002(android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$LayoutParams,int)
  j        public getSpanIndex()
  k        static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$LayoutParams)
  w        static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$LayoutParams)
  y        public getSpanSize()

android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager$SpanSizeLookup       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__w4$_)
===============================================================================
  a    public invalidateSpanIndexCache()
  e    public setSpanIndexCacheEnabled(boolean)
  e    getCachedSpanIndex(int,int)
  m    public getSpanIndex(int,int)
  r    public isSpanIndexCacheEnabled()
  u    findReferenceIndexFromCache(int)
  y    public abstract getSpanSize(int)
  z    public getSpanGroupIndex(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.LayoutState    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nml)
===============================================================================
  a        hasMore(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  o        next(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.LayoutState$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yeb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cb1)
===============================================================================
  c                                drawVerticalDivider(android.graphics.Canvas,int)
  d                                measureVertical(int,int)
  e                                getChildrenSkipCount(android.view.View,int)
  e                                measureNullChild(int)
  eval__                           getVirtualChildAt(int)
  eval_a                           public setHorizontalGravity(int)
  eval_e                           public getDividerWidth()
  eval_f                           public getDividerDrawable()
  eval_f                           public setMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled(boolean)
  eval_m                           public isMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled()
  eval_v                           public setOrientation(int)
  eval_w                           public getShowDividers()
  eval_x                           public isBaselineAligned()
  f                                measureHorizontal(int,int)
  g                                public setBaselineAligned(boolean)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  h                                drawDividersVertical(android.graphics.Canvas)
  i                                public getWeightSum()
  i                                private forceUniformWidth(int,int)
  j                                public getBaselineAlignedChildIndex()
  j                                private forceUniformHeight(int,int)
  k                                public setWeightSum(float)
  l                                getLocationOffset(android.view.View)
  l                                public setBaselineAlignedChildIndex(int)
  l                                layoutVertical(int,int,int,int)
  o                                public getOrientation()
  o                                public setDividerDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p                                public setVerticalGravity(int)
  q                                drawHorizontalDivider(android.graphics.Canvas,int)
  q                                private setChildFrame(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  q                                public setShowDividers(int)
  r                                layoutHorizontal(int,int,int,int)
  s                                public getDividerPadding()
  s                                public setGravity(int)
  t                                drawDividersHorizontal(android.graphics.Canvas)
  u                                protected hasDividerBeforeChildAt(int)
  w                                getNextLocationOffset(android.view.View)
  y                                getVirtualChildCount()
  z                                measureChildBeforeLayout(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int)
  z                                public setDividerPadding(int)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected volatile generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  getBaseline                      public getBaseline()
  onDraw                           protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  shouldDelayChildPressedState     public shouldDelayChildPressedState()

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$DividerMode (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cb1$v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r71)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$LayoutParams        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cb1$c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$OrientationMode     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cb1$a)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_at2)
===============================================================================
  a        public computeHorizontalScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  a        scrollBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  b        public findFirstCompletelyVisibleItemPosition()
  b        private updateLayoutStateToFillEnd(android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  b        public onLayoutChildren(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  b        private updateAnchorFromPendingData(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  b        public onFocusSearchFailed(android.view.View,int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  c        public getRecycleChildrenOnDetach()
  c        public scrollVerticallyBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  d        public isSmoothScrollbarEnabled()
  d        public smoothScrollToPosition(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  e        private getChildClosestToStart()
  e        private updateAnchorFromChildren(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  e        onAnchorReady(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo,int)
  e        public computeHorizontalScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  e        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  e        private fixLayoutStartGap(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  eval_c   public getOrientation()
  eval_c   private computeScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_d   private updateAnchorInfoForLayout(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  eval_g   public getStackFromEnd()
  eval_h   private findFirstReferenceChild(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_nm  private resolveShouldLayoutReverse()
  eval_r   ensureLayoutState()
  eval_r   private findLastReferenceChild(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_s   private computeScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_sb  private logChildren()
  eval_u   validateChildOrder()
  eval_u4  private getChildClosestToEnd()
  eval_x   public findLastVisibleItemPosition()
  f        shouldMeasureTwice()
  f        private updateLayoutStateToFillStart(android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  f        private layoutForPredictiveAnimations(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int,int)
  f        findReferenceChild(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int,int,int)
  f        private computeScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  f        public onDetachedFromWindow(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  g        private recycleByLayoutState(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutState)
  g        private recycleViewsFromEnd(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,int)
  g        public computeHorizontalScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  h        public supportsPredictiveItemAnimations()
  h        public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  h        public prepareForDrop(android.view.View,android.view.View,int,int)
  h        public findViewByPosition(int)
  i        public computeVerticalScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  i        public setReverseLayout(boolean)
  i        public computeScrollVectorForPosition(int)
  j        public canScrollVertically()
  k        layoutChunk(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutState,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutChunkResult)
  k        private recycleViewsFromStart(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,int)
  k        protected getExtraLayoutSpace(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  l        createLayoutState()
  m        public canScrollHorizontally()
  m        private findFirstVisibleChildClosestToStart(boolean,boolean)
  n        protected isLayoutRTL()
  n        private findReferenceChildClosestToEnd(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  n        public computeVerticalScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  n        public setStackFromEnd(boolean)
  n        private fixLayoutEndGap(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  o        public getReverseLayout()
  o        fill(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutState,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  o        findOneVisibleChild(int,int,boolean,boolean)
  o        public assertNotInLayoutOrScroll(java.lang.String)
  p        public onSaveInstanceState()
  q        resolveIsInfinite()
  r        public findFirstVisibleItemPosition()
  r        public setSmoothScrollbarEnabled(boolean)
  r        private findFirstVisibleChildClosestToEnd(boolean,boolean)
  r        public setOrientation(int)
  r        private updateLayoutStateToFillStart(int,int)
  r        private updateLayoutState(int,int,boolean,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  s        private updateLayoutStateToFillEnd(int,int)
  t        public scrollToPosition(int)
  t        public scrollToPositionWithOffset(int,int)
  u        convertFocusDirectionToLayoutDirection(int)
  v        public setRecycleChildrenOnDetach(boolean)
  w        public generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  w        public computeVerticalScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  w        public scrollHorizontallyBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  x        public findLastCompletelyVisibleItemPosition()
  z        private findReferenceChildClosestToStart(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  z        private recycleChildren(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_at2$1)
===============================================================================
  l    public computeScrollVectorForPosition(int)

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_at2$v)
===============================================================================
  j        private isViewValidAsAnchor(android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  p        public assignFromViewAndKeepVisibleRect(android.view.View)
  t        reset()
  u        public assignFromView(android.view.View)
  v        static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$AnchorInfo,android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  x        assignCoordinateFromPadding()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutChunkResult  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_at2$n)
===============================================================================
  o    resetInternal()

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$LayoutState        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_at2$c)
===============================================================================
  c    public assignPositionFromScrapList(android.view.View)
  d    next(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  f    private nextViewFromScrapList()
  t    log()
  t    public nextViewInLimitedList(android.view.View)
  w    hasMore(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  y    public assignPositionFromScrapList()

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a_q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_at2$k)
===============================================================================
  g                hasValidAnchor()
  s                invalidateAnchor()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_at2$k$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pma)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearSmoothScroller   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_boj)
===============================================================================
  a        protected onStart()
  eval_h   protected getHorizontalSnapPreference()
  g        protected updateActionForInterimTarget(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$Action)
  l        public abstract computeScrollVectorForPosition(int)
  o        public calculateDxToMakeVisible(android.view.View,int)
  p        private clampApplyScroll(int,int)
  q        protected onStop()
  r        protected onTargetFound(android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$Action)
  r        protected calculateTimeForScrolling(int)
  t        protected calculateTimeForDeceleration(int)
  v        protected calculateSpeedPerPixel(android.util.DisplayMetrics)
  w        protected getVerticalSnapPreference()
  w        public calculateDtToFit(int,int,int,int,int)
  y        public calculateDyToMakeVisible(android.view.View,int)
  y        protected onSeekTargetStep(int,int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$Action)

android.support.v7.widget.LinearSmoothScroller$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n9_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t)
===============================================================================
  a        setListItemExpandMax(int)
  b        static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow)
  b        public setContentWidth(int)
  c        public getSelectedItemPosition()
  c        public setAnchorView(android.view.View)
  d        public isInputMethodNotNeeded()
  d        static access$1100(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow)
  d        private static isConfirmKey(int)
  e        public getSoftInputMode()
  e        public setPromptPosition(int)
  eval_c   public getSelectedItemId()
  eval_e   public isShowing()
  eval_f   private removePromptView()
  eval_f   public setDropDownGravity(int)
  eval_h   public setDropDownAlwaysVisible(boolean)
  eval_h   public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  eval_k   public clearListSelection()
  eval_m   public setListSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_o   public getAnimationStyle()
  eval_p   public getHorizontalOffset()
  eval_p   public setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  eval_p   public performItemClick(int)
  eval_q   private buildDropDown()
  eval_r   public getSelectedView()
  eval_t   public postShow()
  eval_x   public getListView()
  eval_y   public getSelectedItem()
  eval_z   public dismiss()
  eval_z   public setHeight(int)
  f        static access$1300(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow)
  f        public setOnDismissListener(android.widget.PopupWindow$OnDismissListener)
  f        public setAnimationStyle(int)
  g        public getWidth()
  g        public setForceIgnoreOutsideTouch(boolean)
  h        public getAnchorView()
  h        public setOnItemClickListener(android.widget.AdapterView$OnItemClickListener)
  i        public show()
  j        public getInputMethodMode()
  j        private setPopupClipToScreenEnabled(boolean)
  j        public setHorizontalOffset(int)
  k        public getVerticalOffset()
  k        public setOnItemSelectedListener(android.widget.AdapterView$OnItemSelectedListener)
  m        public isModal()
  n        public getBackground()
  o        private getMaxAvailableHeight(android.view.View,int,boolean)
  p        public setVerticalOffset(int)
  q        public getPromptPosition()
  q        public createDragToOpenListener(android.view.View)
  r        public setInputMethodMode(int)
  t        public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t        public setWidth(int)
  t        public onKeyPreIme(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  u        public isDropDownAlwaysVisible()
  u        public setPromptView(android.view.View)
  u        public setWindowLayoutType(int)
  v        public getHeight()
  v        public setModal(boolean)
  w        public setSoftInputMode(int)
  x        public setSelection(int)
  x        public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  y        static access$1200(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$1)
===============================================================================
  z    public getPopup()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$2      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$3      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$3)
===============================================================================
  onItemSelected       public onItemSelected(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onNothingSelected    public onNothingSelected(android.widget.AdapterView)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rqq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$DropDownListView       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$_)
===============================================================================
  f                private clearPressedItem()
  h                private setPressedItem(android.view.View,int,float,float)
  i                static access$502(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$DropDownListView,boolean)
  n                public onForwardedEvent(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  p                protected touchModeDrawsInPressedStateCompat()
  v                private clickPressedItem(android.view.View,int)
  hasFocus         public hasFocus()
  hasWindowFocus   public hasWindowFocus()
  isFocused        public isFocused()
  isInTouchMode    public isInTouchMode()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$i)
===============================================================================
  a        private toGlobalMotionEvent(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
  b        protected onForwardingStarted()
  b        private onTouchObserved(android.view.MotionEvent)
  eval_z   private static pointInView(android.view.View,float,float,float)
  h        static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener)
  i        private toLocalMotionEvent(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
  n        protected onForwardingStopped()
  s        private onLongPress()
  u        static access$1000(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener)
  v        private clearCallbacks()
  v        private onTouchForwarded(android.view.MotionEvent)
  z        public abstract getPopup()
  onTouch  public onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$DisallowIntercept   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$i$_)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$NullPointerException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bjw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$TriggerLongPress    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$i$y)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ListSelectorHider      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$k)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupDataSetObserver   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$v)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupScrollListener    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$eval_d)
===============================================================================
  onScroll             public onScroll(android.widget.AbsListView,int,int,int)
  onScrollStateChanged public onScrollStateChanged(android.widget.AbsListView,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupTouchInterceptor  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$eval_y)
===============================================================================
  onTouch  public onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ResizePopupRunnable    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q4t$o)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ListViewCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vvu)
===============================================================================
  eval_e               public lookForSelectablePosition(int,boolean)
  l                    protected shouldShowSelectorCompat()
  m                    protected drawSelectorCompat(android.graphics.Canvas)
  n                    protected positionSelectorCompat(int,android.view.View)
  p                    protected touchModeDrawsInPressedStateCompat()
  s                    protected setSelectorEnabled(boolean)
  s                    public measureHeightOfChildrenCompat(int,int,int,int,int)
  w                    protected updateSelectorStateCompat()
  x                    protected positionSelectorLikeTouchCompat(int,android.view.View,float,float)
  y                    protected positionSelectorLikeFocusCompat(int,android.view.View)
  dispatchDraw         protected dispatchDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawableStateChanged protected drawableStateChanged()
  onTouchEvent         public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setSelector          public setSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.widget.ListViewCompat$GateKeeperDrawable      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vvu$x)
===============================================================================
  k                setEnabled(boolean)
  draw             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  setHotspot       public setHotspot(float,float)
  setHotspotBounds public setHotspotBounds(int,int,int,int)
  setState         public setState(int[])
  setVisible       public setVisible(boolean,boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.ListViewCompat$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gmf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.OpReorderer    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fl5)
===============================================================================
  a    swapMoveUpdate(java.util.List,int,android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp,int,android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  c    private getLastMoveOutOfOrder(java.util.List)
  h    reorderOps(java.util.List)
  h    private swapMoveOp(java.util.List,int,int)
  j    private swapMoveAdd(java.util.List,int,android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp,int,android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  p    swapMoveRemove(java.util.List,int,android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp,int,android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)

android.support.v7.widget.OpReorderer$Callback   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fl5$x)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract recycleUpdateOp(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  w    public abstract obtainUpdateOp(int,int,int,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v7.widget.OpReorderer$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tia)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dte)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getEndAfterPadding()
  a        public static createOrientationHelper(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager,int)
  a        public abstract offsetChild(android.view.View,int)
  b        public getTotalSpaceChange()
  b        public abstract getDecoratedStart(android.view.View)
  c        public abstract getEndPadding()
  e        public static createHorizontalHelper(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
  e        public abstract getDecoratedEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public abstract getDecoratedMeasurement(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public abstract getTotalSpace()
  f        public abstract getEnd()
  g        public abstract getDecoratedMeasurementInOther(android.view.View)
  m        public abstract getStartAfterPadding()
  n        public onLayoutComplete()
  p        public abstract getMode()
  q        public abstract getModeInOther()
  t        public static createVerticalHelper(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
  z        public abstract offsetChildren(int)

android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dte$1)
===============================================================================
  a        public getEndAfterPadding()
  a        public offsetChild(android.view.View,int)
  b        public getDecoratedStart(android.view.View)
  c        public getEndPadding()
  e        public getDecoratedEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public getDecoratedMeasurement(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public getTotalSpace()
  f        public getEnd()
  g        public getDecoratedMeasurementInOther(android.view.View)
  m        public getStartAfterPadding()
  p        public getMode()
  q        public getModeInOther()
  z        public offsetChildren(int)

android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper$2    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dte$2)
===============================================================================
  a        public getEndAfterPadding()
  a        public offsetChild(android.view.View,int)
  b        public getDecoratedStart(android.view.View)
  c        public getEndPadding()
  e        public getDecoratedEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public getDecoratedMeasurement(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public getTotalSpace()
  f        public getEnd()
  g        public getDecoratedMeasurementInOther(android.view.View)
  m        public getStartAfterPadding()
  p        public getMode()
  q        public getModeInOther()
  z        public offsetChildren(int)

android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper$IOException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a51)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g49)
===============================================================================
  a    public show()
  b    public getMenu()
  e    public getDragToOpenListener()
  f    public onCloseSubMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  g    static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu)
  h    public getGravity()
  j    public setOnDismissListener(android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnDismissListener)
  m    public dismiss()
  m    public inflate(int)
  n    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  p    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  t    public setGravity(int)
  w    public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  x    public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  y    public getMenuInflater()
  y    public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g49$1)
===============================================================================
  b    protected onForwardingStarted()
  n    protected onForwardingStopped()
  z    public getPopup()

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$NullPointerException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a80)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnDismissListener    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g49$q)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract onDismiss(android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu)

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnMenuItemClickListener      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g49$b)
===============================================================================
  r    public abstract onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.PositionMap    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qeb)
===============================================================================
  clone    public clone()
  d        private gc()
  d        public append(int,java.lang.Object)
  e        static idealShortArraySize(int)
  eval_c   static idealIntArraySize(int)
  eval_j   public valueAt(int)
  eval_m   static idealLongArraySize(int)
  eval_u   public delete(int)
  eval_z   static idealCharArraySize(int)
  f        public clear()
  h        static idealBooleanArraySize(int)
  j        public insertKeyRange(int,int)
  j        public put(int,java.lang.Object)
  k        public indexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  l        public keyAt(int)
  l        public removeAtRange(int,int)
  n        static idealByteArraySize(int)
  q        static idealFloatArraySize(int)
  s        public indexOfKey(int)
  u        public removeAt(int)
  v        public size()
  x        public get(int)
  x        public setValueAt(int,java.lang.Object)
  y        static idealObjectArraySize(int)
  y        public get(int,java.lang.Object)
  z        public remove(int)
  z        public removeKeyRange(java.util.ArrayList,int,int)
  clone    public volatile clone()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.PositionMap$ContainerHelpers   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qeb$j)
===============================================================================
  eval_v   static binarySearch(int[],int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.PositionMap$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ul8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13)
===============================================================================
  a                                eatRequestLayout()
  a                                public swapAdapter(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter,boolean)
  a                                static access$1100(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View)
  a                                scrollByInternal(int,int,android.view.MotionEvent)
  a                                viewRangeUpdate(int,int,java.lang.Object)
  a                                public findViewHolderForItemId(long)
  b                                static access$4000(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  b                                public removeOnItemTouchListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnItemTouchListener)
  b                                private getAdapterPositionFor(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  b                                private dispatchChildAttached(android.view.View)
  b                                public findViewHolderForAdapterPosition(int)
  b                                dispatchOnScrolled(int,int)
  b                                private findMinMaxChildLayoutPositions(int[])
  b                                assertInLayoutOrScroll(java.lang.String)
  c                                static access$3300(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  c                                public setViewCacheExtension(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewCacheExtension)
  c                                private animateAppearance(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  c                                static access$5200(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  c                                public setHasFixedSize(boolean)
  c                                public findViewHolderForPosition(int)
  c                                assertNotInLayoutOrScroll(java.lang.String)
  d                                private cancelTouch()
  d                                static access$3200(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  d                                public addOnItemTouchListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnItemTouchListener)
  d                                static access$6200(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int)
  d                                public getChildItemId(android.view.View)
  e                                saveOldPositions()
  e                                static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  e                                private setAdapterInternal(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter,boolean,boolean)
  e                                public setChildDrawingOrderCallback(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ChildDrawingOrderCallback)
  e                                static access$1400(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int)
  e                                public findContainingItemView(android.view.View)
  e                                resumeRequestLayout(boolean)
  eval__                           public isComputingLayout()
  eval_a                           static access$3000()
  eval_a                           public onChildDetachedFromWindow(android.view.View)
  eval_a                           private considerReleasingGlowsOnScroll(int,int)
  eval_ag                          private repositionShadowingViews()
  eval_b                           public hasPendingAdapterUpdates()
  eval_b                           static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  eval_b                           private didChildRangeChange(int,int)
  eval_c                           private dispatchContentChangedIfNecessary()
  eval_c                           static access$3600(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  eval_c                           dispatchOnScrollStateChanged(int)
  eval_d                           public getItemAnimator()
  eval_e                           private dispatchLayoutStep1()
  eval_f                           markItemDecorInsetsDirty()
  eval_fv                          private getScrollingChildHelper()
  eval_g                           private onExitLayoutOrScroll()
  eval_g                           getItemDecorInsetsForChild(android.view.View)
  eval_h                           private resetTouch()
  eval_i                           private initChildrenHelper()
  eval_i                           static access$5400(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  eval_j                           private predictiveItemAnimationsEnabled()
  eval_k                           public hasFixedSize()
  eval_k                           static access$4200(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  eval_kq                          private dispatchLayoutStep3()
  eval_l                           private stopScrollersInternal()
  eval_m                           ensureLeftGlow()
  eval_m                           public onScrolled(int,int)
  eval_n                           public getCompatAccessibilityDelegate()
  eval_o                           public getMinFlingVelocity()
  eval_o                           private pullGlows(float,float,float,float)
  eval_p                           private processAdapterUpdatesAndSetAnimationFlags()
  eval_p                           private dispatchChildDetached(android.view.View)
  eval_p                           public smoothScrollToPosition(int)
  eval_q                           static access$4600()
  eval_q                           static access$3400(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  eval_qn                          private setDataSetChangedAfterLayout()
  eval_r                           public invalidateItemDecorations()
  eval_ri                          private dispatchLayoutStep2()
  eval_s                           dispatchLayout()
  eval_s                           absorbGlows(int,int)
  eval_t                           public isAnimating()
  eval_u                           private onEnterLayoutOrScroll()
  eval_v                           clearOldPositions()
  eval_w                           private getScrollFactor()
  eval_w                           public getChildViewHolder(android.view.View)
  eval_x                           private hasUpdatedView()
  eval_y                           private releaseGlows()
  eval_y                           private canReuseUpdatedViewHolder(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_y                           public setItemViewCacheSize(int)
  eval_z                           public getMaxFlingVelocity()
  eval_z                           static access$3800(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  f                                public setItemAnimator(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator)
  f                                private animateDisappearance(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  g                                public clearOnChildAttachStateChangeListeners()
  g                                static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  g                                public removeItemDecoration(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemDecoration)
  g                                private removeAnimatingView(android.view.View)
  h                                ensureBottomGlow()
  h                                static access$3100(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  h                                public setRecycledViewPool(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool)
  h                                public setScrollingTouchSlop(int)
  h                                offsetPositionRecordsForMove(int,int)
  i                                public getLayoutManager()
  i                                static access$4100(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  i                                static access$602(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,boolean)
  i                                private dispatchOnItemTouchIntercept(android.view.MotionEvent)
  j                                static access$700(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  j                                private jumpToPositionForSmoothScroller(int)
  k                                private consumePendingUpdateOperations()
  k                                static access$1000(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  k                                public addItemDecoration(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemDecoration)
  k                                private animateChange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,boolean,boolean)
  k                                static access$4502(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,boolean)
  k                                static access$3900(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int)
  k                                public setLayoutFrozen(boolean)
  k                                public findChildViewUnder(float,float)
  k                                public onScrollStateChanged(int)
  l                                ensureRightGlow()
  l                                private createLayoutManager(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
  l                                static access$5500(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  l                                public getChildLayoutPosition(android.view.View)
  m                                public stopScroll()
  m                                static access$5900(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  m                                public removeOnChildAttachStateChangeListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnChildAttachStateChangeListener)
  m                                getChangedHolderKey(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  n                                public clearOnScrollListeners()
  n                                public setRecyclerListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerListener)
  n                                private onPointerUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
  o                                markKnownViewsInvalid()
  o                                private getFullClassName(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  o                                public setAccessibilityDelegateCompat(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate)
  o                                public onChildAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
  p                                public getRecycledViewPool()
  p                                static access$5600(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  p                                public getChildPosition(android.view.View)
  q                                ensureTopGlow()
  q                                static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  q                                public setLayoutManager(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
  q                                public removeOnScrollListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnScrollListener)
  q                                private recordAnimationInfoIfBouncedHiddenView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  q                                static access$3700(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  r                                initAdapterManager()
  r                                static access$4400(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  s                                invalidateGlows()
  s                                public addOnScrollListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnScrollListener)
  s                                private addAnimatingView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  s                                public scrollToPosition(int)
  s                                defaultOnMeasure(int,int)
  t                                static access$4800(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  t                                public addItemDecoration(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemDecoration,int)
  t                                static access$4700(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  t                                static access$800(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  t                                public getChildAdapterPosition(android.view.View)
  u                                isAccessibilityEnabled()
  u                                static access$6400(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View)
  u                                public findContainingViewHolder(android.view.View)
  u                                offsetPositionRecordsForInsert(int,int)
  v                                public getAdapter()
  v                                static access$5300(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  v                                static getChildViewHolderInt(android.view.View)
  v                                private setScrollState(int)
  v                                offsetPositionRecordsForRemove(int,int,boolean)
  w                                public getScrollState()
  w                                public setOnScrollListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnScrollListener)
  w                                static access$1300(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  w                                private dispatchOnItemTouch(android.view.MotionEvent)
  w                                public findViewHolderForLayoutPosition(int)
  w                                public smoothScrollBy(int,int)
  x                                static access$4300(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  x                                public offsetChildrenVertical(int)
  x                                findViewHolderForPosition(int,boolean)
  y                                private postAnimationRunner()
  y                                public setAdapter(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter)
  y                                static access$302(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,boolean)
  y                                private handleMissingPreInfoForChangeError(long,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  z                                public isLayoutFrozen()
  z                                public addOnChildAttachStateChangeListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnChildAttachStateChangeListener)
  z                                static access$5700(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  z                                static access$1200(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View)
  z                                shouldDeferAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  z                                public offsetChildrenHorizontal(int)
  z                                public fling(int,int)
  addFocusables                    public addFocusables(java.util.ArrayList,int,int)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  computeHorizontalScrollExtent    public computeHorizontalScrollExtent()
  computeHorizontalScrollOffset    public computeHorizontalScrollOffset()
  computeHorizontalScrollRange     public computeHorizontalScrollRange()
  computeVerticalScrollExtent      public computeVerticalScrollExtent()
  computeVerticalScrollOffset      public computeVerticalScrollOffset()
  computeVerticalScrollRange       public computeVerticalScrollRange()
  dispatchNestedFling              public dispatchNestedFling(float,float,boolean)
  dispatchNestedPreFling           public dispatchNestedPreFling(float,float)
  dispatchNestedPreScroll          public dispatchNestedPreScroll(int,int,int[],int[])
  dispatchNestedScroll             public dispatchNestedScroll(int,int,int,int,int[])
  dispatchRestoreInstanceState     protected dispatchRestoreInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)
  dispatchSaveInstanceState        protected dispatchSaveInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)
  draw                             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawChild                        public drawChild(android.graphics.Canvas,android.view.View,long)
  focusSearch                      public focusSearch(android.view.View,int)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  getBaseline                      public getBaseline()
  getChildDrawingOrder             protected getChildDrawingOrder(int,int)
  hasNestedScrollingParent         public hasNestedScrollingParent()
  isAttachedToWindow               public isAttachedToWindow()
  isNestedScrollingEnabled         public isNestedScrollingEnabled()
  onAttachedToWindow               protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onDraw                           public onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onGenericMotionEvent             public onGenericMotionEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onInterceptTouchEvent            public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState           protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState              protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onSizeChanged                    protected onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  removeDetachedView               protected removeDetachedView(android.view.View,boolean)
  requestChildFocus                public requestChildFocus(android.view.View,android.view.View)
  requestChildRectangleOnScreen    public requestChildRectangleOnScreen(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect,boolean)
  requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent   public requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)
  requestLayout                    public requestLayout()
  scrollBy                         public scrollBy(int,int)
  scrollTo                         public scrollTo(int,int)
  sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked  public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  setClipToPadding                 public setClipToPadding(boolean)
  setNestedScrollingEnabled        public setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
  startNestedScroll                public startNestedScroll(int)
  stopNestedScroll                 public stopNestedScroll()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$2 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$3 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$3)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$4 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$4)
===============================================================================
  c        public unused(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_s   public processDisappeared(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  o        public processAppeared(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  u        public processPersistent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$5 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$5)
===============================================================================
  b        public onLeftHiddenState(android.view.View)
  eval_n   public getChildAt(int)
  eval_s   public getChildCount()
  g        public getChildViewHolder(android.view.View)
  g        public detachViewFromParent(int)
  h        public addView(android.view.View,int)
  k        public removeAllViews()
  k        public indexOfChild(android.view.View)
  q        public onEnteredHiddenState(android.view.View)
  s        public attachViewToParent(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  v        public removeViewAt(int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$6 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$6)
===============================================================================
  eval_x   public offsetPositionsForAdd(int,int)
  f        public offsetPositionsForRemovingInvisible(int,int)
  i        dispatchUpdate(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  i        public findViewHolder(int)
  o        public onDispatchFirstPass(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)
  p        public offsetPositionsForMove(int,int)
  r        public offsetPositionsForRemovingLaidOutOrNewView(int,int)
  t        public markViewHoldersUpdated(int,int,java.lang.Object)
  y        public onDispatchSecondPass(android.support.v7.widget.AdapterHelper$UpdateOp)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$h)
===============================================================================
  a        public setHasStableIds(boolean)
  b        public onBindViewHolder(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int,java.util.List)
  b        public final notifyItemRangeInserted(int,int)
  c        public final notifyItemChanged(int)
  d        public final hasObservers()
  d        public final bindViewHolder(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int)
  e        public onDetachedFromRecyclerView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  eval_r   public onViewAttachedToWindow(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_v   public final notifyItemRangeChanged(int,int)
  f        public abstract onCreateViewHolder(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  f        public final notifyItemInserted(int)
  g        public final hasStableIds()
  g        public unregisterAdapterDataObserver(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$AdapterDataObserver)
  h        public final notifyItemRangeRemoved(int,int)
  j        public abstract getItemCount()
  k        public abstract onBindViewHolder(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int)
  l        public final notifyDataSetChanged()
  l        public onFailedToRecycleView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  l        public getItemId(int)
  l        public final notifyItemChanged(int,java.lang.Object)
  m        public final notifyItemRangeChanged(int,int,java.lang.Object)
  q        public final createViewHolder(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  r        public registerAdapterDataObserver(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$AdapterDataObserver)
  s        public onViewRecycled(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  s        public getItemViewType(int)
  t        public final notifyItemRemoved(int)
  w        public onViewDetachedFromWindow(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  x        public final notifyItemMoved(int,int)
  z        public onAttachedToRecyclerView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$AdapterDataObservable     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$y)
===============================================================================
  b        public hasObservers()
  d        public notifyItemRangeChanged(int,int,java.lang.Object)
  e        public notifyItemRangeRemoved(int,int)
  eval_v   public notifyItemRangeChanged(int,int)
  j        public notifyItemRangeInserted(int,int)
  o        public notifyItemMoved(int,int)
  z        public notifyChanged()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$AdapterDataObserver       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$p)
===============================================================================
  eval_p   public onItemRangeRemoved(int,int)
  eval_r   public onChanged()
  eval_t   public onItemRangeChanged(int,int)
  f        public onItemRangeMoved(int,int,int)
  i        public onItemRangeInserted(int,int)
  u        public onItemRangeChanged(int,int,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ChildDrawingOrderCallback (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$eval_h)
===============================================================================
  z    public abstract onGetChildDrawingOrder(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_luq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$l)
===============================================================================
  a        public getMoveDuration()
  b        public recordPostLayoutInformation(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  d        public obtainHolderInfo()
  e        public recordPreLayoutInformation(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int,java.util.List)
  e        public final dispatchAnimationFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_i   public getChangeDuration()
  eval_i   public abstract endAnimation(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_w   public getRemoveDuration()
  eval_z   public abstract animateAppearance(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  f        public abstract runPendingAnimations()
  f        public abstract animateChange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  i        public onAnimationStarted(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  i        public canReuseUpdatedViewHolder(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,java.util.List)
  j        public abstract isRunning()
  k        public onAnimationFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  k        public setMoveDuration(long)
  m        public final dispatchAnimationsFinished()
  m        public final isRunning(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemAnimatorFinishedListener)
  m        setListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemAnimatorListener)
  m        static buildAdapterChangeFlagsForAnimations(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  n        public setAddDuration(long)
  o        public abstract animateDisappearance(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  q        public setRemoveDuration(long)
  r        public abstract endAnimations()
  r        public canReuseUpdatedViewHolder(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  t        public setChangeDuration(long)
  u        public getAddDuration()
  x        public abstract animatePersistence(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  y        public final dispatchAnimationStarted(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$AdapterChanges       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$l$c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xnt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemAnimatorFinishedListener (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$l$i)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract onAnimationsFinished()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemAnimatorListener (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$l$z)
===============================================================================
  s    public abstract onAnimationFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$l$f)
===============================================================================
  u    public setFrom(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  z    public setFrom(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimatorRestoreListener       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$eval_f)
===============================================================================
  s    public onAnimationFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemDecoration    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$z)
===============================================================================
  g    public onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  j    public onDrawOver(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  m    public getItemOffsets(android.graphics.Rect,int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  t    public onDrawOver(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  y    public getItemOffsets(android.graphics.Rect,android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  z    public onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$a)
===============================================================================
  a        public setMeasuredDimension(android.graphics.Rect,int,int)
  a        private scrapOrRecycleView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,int,android.view.View)
  a        public computeHorizontalScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  a        public removeView(android.view.View)
  b        public onLayoutChildren(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  b        public onItemsUpdated(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  b        public getPosition(android.view.View)
  b        public onFocusSearchFailed(android.view.View,int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  c        public static getProperties(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
  c        public getSelectionModeForAccessibility(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  c        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  c        public getItemViewType(android.view.View)
  c        public setAutoMeasureEnabled(boolean)
  c        public detachViewAt(int)
  c        public scrollVerticallyBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  c        setMeasuredDimensionFromChildren(int,int)
  c        public removeCallbacks(java.lang.Runnable)
  c        public assertInLayoutOrScroll(java.lang.String)
  d        public smoothScrollToPosition(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  d        public getTopDecorationHeight(android.view.View)
  d        public postOnAnimation(java.lang.Runnable)
  e        public onAdapterChanged(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter)
  e        public computeHorizontalScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  e        public detachAndScrapView(android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  e        public layoutDecorated(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  e        public generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  e        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  eval__   public getFocusedChild()
  eval__   setExactMeasureSpecsFrom(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  eval_a   public getPaddingEnd()
  eval_b   public getPaddingTop()
  eval_d   public hasFocus()
  eval_d   public startSmoothScroll(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller)
  eval_e   public getMinimumWidth()
  eval_e   public getDecoratedRight(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public requestLayout()
  eval_f   public getRightDecorationWidth(android.view.View)
  eval_h   public getPaddingBottom()
  eval_h   dispatchAttachedToWindow(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  eval_i   public removeAllViews()
  eval_j   public isFocused()
  eval_k   public isSmoothScrolling()
  eval_l   stopSmoothScroller()
  eval_l6  hasFlexibleChildInBothOrientations()
  eval_m   public getItemCount()
  eval_n   public getClipToPadding()
  eval_o   public getPaddingLeft()
  eval_o   public stopIgnoringView(android.view.View)
  eval_p   public getPaddingRight()
  eval_p   public getLeftDecorationWidth(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public getLayoutDirection()
  eval_q   public getDecoratedMeasuredWidth(android.view.View)
  eval_s   public getHeightMode()
  eval_s   public findContainingItemView(android.view.View)
  eval_s   public setMeasurementCacheEnabled(boolean)
  eval_t   public getChildCount()
  eval_u   public removeAndRecycleView(android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  eval_v   public getWidth()
  eval_v   public checkLayoutParams(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutParams)
  eval_w   public getMinimumHeight()
  eval_x   public getDecoratedTop(android.view.View)
  eval_y   public isAttachedToWindow()
  eval_yc  public requestSimpleAnimationsInNextLayout()
  eval_z   public getBaseline()
  f        shouldMeasureTwice()
  f        public getColumnCountForAccessibility(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  f        public onDetachedFromWindow(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  g        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  g        public onMeasure(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int,int)
  g        public computeHorizontalScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  g        private detachViewInternal(int,android.view.View)
  g        public setMeasuredDimension(int,int)
  h        public supportsPredictiveItemAnimations()
  h        public generateLayoutParams(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  h        public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  h        public isLayoutHierarchical(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  h        public onItemsMoved(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int,int)
  h        public measureChild(android.view.View,int,int)
  h        public findViewByPosition(int)
  h        public static chooseSize(int,int,int)
  i        public isMeasurementCacheEnabled()
  i        static access$6000(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller)
  i        public computeVerticalScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  i        public detachView(android.view.View)
  j        public canScrollVertically()
  j        public onAttachedToWindow(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  j        public onItemsUpdated(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int,java.lang.Object)
  j        public attachView(android.view.View,int)
  k        public getHeight()
  k        dispatchDetachedFromWindow(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  k        public getDecoratedMeasuredHeight(android.view.View)
  k        public addView(android.view.View,int)
  k        public attachView(android.view.View,int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutParams)
  k        setMeasureSpecs(int,int)
  l        private onSmoothScrollerStopped(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller)
  m        public canScrollHorizontally()
  m        public calculateItemDecorationsForChild(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)
  n        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfoForItem(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  n        public computeVerticalScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  n        private addViewInt(android.view.View,int,boolean)
  o        public getRowCountForAccessibility(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  o        public removeDetachedView(android.view.View)
  o        public getChildAt(int)
  o        public assertNotInLayoutOrScroll(java.lang.String)
  p        public onSaveInstanceState()
  p        public removeAndRecycleAllViews(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  p        public onItemsRemoved(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  p        shouldMeasureChild(android.view.View,int,int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutParams)
  q        public onRequestChildFocus(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  q        public requestChildRectangleOnScreen(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect,boolean)
  q        public endAnimation(android.view.View)
  r        setRecyclerView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  r        removeAndRecycleScrapInt(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  r        public addView(android.view.View)
  r        public measureChildWithMargins(android.view.View,int,int)
  r        public static getChildMeasureSpec(int,int,int,int,boolean)
  s        public ignoreView(android.view.View)
  s        public addDisappearingView(android.view.View,int)
  s        shouldReMeasureChild(android.view.View,int,int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutParams)
  s        public removeViewAt(int)
  s        public removeAndRecycleViewAt(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  t        static access$2600(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
  t        public addDisappearingView(android.view.View)
  t        public scrollToPosition(int)
  t        public detachAndScrapViewAt(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  u        public isAutoMeasureEnabled()
  u        onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfoForItem(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  u        performAccessibilityAction(int,android.os.Bundle)
  v        public getWidthMode()
  v        public onDetachedFromWindow(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  v        public onRequestChildFocus(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  v        public getDecoratedBottom(android.view.View)
  v        public onInterceptFocusSearch(android.view.View,int)
  v        public offsetChildrenHorizontal(int)
  v        public moveView(int,int)
  w        public abstract generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  w        public onItemsChanged(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  w        static access$2000(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
  w        static access$2602(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager,boolean)
  w        public detachAndScrapAttachedViews(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  w        public computeVerticalScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  w        public attachView(android.view.View)
  w        public offsetChildrenVertical(int)
  w        public scrollHorizontallyBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  x        public onItemsAdded(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  x        public getBottomDecorationHeight(android.view.View)
  y        onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  y        public performAccessibilityAction(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int,android.os.Bundle)
  y        public onAddFocusables(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,java.util.ArrayList,int,int)
  y        public getDecoratedLeft(android.view.View)
  y        public onScrollStateChanged(int)
  z        public getPaddingStart()
  z        public performAccessibilityActionForItem(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  z        performAccessibilityActionForItem(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  z        private static isMeasurementUpToDate(int,int,int)
  z        public static getChildMeasureSpec(int,int,int,boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g7q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager$Properties  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$a$b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutParams      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$m)
===============================================================================
  c        public getViewPosition()
  eval_a   public isItemChanged()
  r        public getViewLayoutPosition()
  s        public getViewAdapterPosition()
  t        public isItemRemoved()
  u        public viewNeedsUpdate()
  z        public isViewInvalid()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnChildAttachStateChangeListener  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$u)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onChildViewAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
  q    public abstract onChildViewDetachedFromWindow(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnItemTouchListener       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$k)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract onInterceptTouchEvent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.MotionEvent)
  x    public abstract onTouchEvent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.MotionEvent)
  y    public abstract onRequestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnScrollListener  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$q)
===============================================================================
  j    public onScrollStateChanged(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int)
  j    public onScrolled(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$r)
===============================================================================
  b    public setMaxRecycledViews(int,int)
  e    public clear()
  f    attach(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter)
  g    private getScrapHeapForType(int)
  i    size()
  l    public putRecycledView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  u    detach()
  u    public getRecycledView(int)
  z    onAdapterChanged(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter,boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$b)
===============================================================================
  b        public getViewForPosition(int)
  c        offsetPositionRecordsForInsert(int,int)
  eval__   clearOldPositions()
  eval__   addViewHolderToRecycledViewPool(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_b   quickRecycleScrapView(android.view.View)
  eval_g   getRecycledViewPool()
  eval_h   private invalidateDisplayListInt(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  eval_i   unscrapView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_u   viewRangeUpdate(int,int)
  f        public recycleView(android.view.View)
  g        setViewCacheExtension(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewCacheExtension)
  g        private invalidateDisplayListInt(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  g        public bindViewToPosition(android.view.View,int)
  h        markItemDecorInsetsDirty()
  i        recycleCachedViewAt(int)
  j        public clear()
  k        getScrapCount()
  k        scrapView(android.view.View)
  k        offsetPositionRecordsForMove(int,int)
  m        static access$2900(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  n        public setViewCacheSize(int)
  n        getScrapViewForPosition(int,int,boolean)
  o        dispatchViewRecycled(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  p        onAdapterChanged(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter,boolean)
  p        validateViewHolderForOffsetPosition(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  p        offsetPositionRecordsForRemove(int,int,boolean)
  q        clearScrap()
  q        recycleViewInternal(android.view.View)
  r        public getScrapList()
  s        setAdapterPositionsAsUnknown()
  s        private attachAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
  s        getChangedScrapViewForPosition(int)
  t        setRecycledViewPool(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool)
  u        recycleAndClearCachedViews()
  u        public convertPreLayoutPositionToPostLayout(int)
  v        getScrapViewForId(long,int,boolean)
  x        getScrapViewAt(int)
  y        recycleViewHolderInternal(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  y        getViewForPosition(int,boolean)
  z        markKnownViewsInvalid()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerListener  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$j)
===============================================================================
  s    public abstract onViewRecycled(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerViewDataObserver  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$n)
===============================================================================
  eval_p   public onItemRangeRemoved(int,int)
  eval_r   public onChanged()
  f        public onItemRangeMoved(int,int,int)
  i        public onItemRangeInserted(int,int)
  r        triggerUpdateProcessor()
  u        public onItemRangeChanged(int,int,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$eval_v)
===============================================================================
  eval_d           static access$1900(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState)
  x                private copyFrom(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState)
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$eval_v$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState$Exception      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ujr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SimpleOnItemTouchListener (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$eval_r)
===============================================================================
  d    public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.MotionEvent)
  x    public onTouchEvent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.MotionEvent)
  y    public onRequestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$i)
===============================================================================
  a        protected abstract onStart()
  b        public getLayoutManager()
  c        start(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
  eval_i   public setTargetPosition(int)
  h        private onAnimation(int,int)
  i        public isPendingInitialRun()
  l        public getChildCount()
  l        static access$3500(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller,int,int)
  l        protected onChildAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
  p        public getTargetPosition()
  q        protected abstract onStop()
  r        protected final stop()
  r        protected abstract onTargetFound(android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$Action)
  s        public isRunning()
  u        protected normalize(android.graphics.PointF)
  x        public instantScrollToPosition(int)
  y        public getChildPosition(android.view.View)
  y        protected abstract onSeekTargetStep(int,int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$Action)
  z        public findViewByPosition(int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$Action     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$i$a)
===============================================================================
  c    hasJumpTarget()
  c    public setDx(int)
  d    public getDx()
  g    public getDuration()
  h    public jumpTo(int)
  i    public setDuration(int)
  j    private runIfNecessary(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  l    private validate()
  r    public getDy()
  u    static access$6100(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$Action,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  v    public getInterpolator()
  x    public update(int,int,int,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  y    public setInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  y    public setDy(int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SmoothScroller$IOException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l9v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$eval_o)
===============================================================================
  b        public willRunPredictiveAnimations()
  c        static access$2302(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  d        static access$1702(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  e        static access$2700(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval__   public get(int)
  eval_e   static access$2300(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_h   public isPreLayout()
  eval_s   public getItemCount()
  eval_x   public didStructureChange()
  h        static access$5802(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  j        static access$2202(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  k        public put(int,java.lang.Object)
  m        static access$2702(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  n        static access$1802(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  n        static access$1712(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  p        static access$2802(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  r        static access$2402(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  s        public willRunSimpleAnimations()
  t        public hasTargetScrollPosition()
  t        assertLayoutStep(int)
  u        static access$1800(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  v        reset()
  w        public getTargetScrollPosition()
  x        public isMeasuring()
  x        static access$2500(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  x        static access$2102(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  y        static access$2100(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  z        static access$2400(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  z        static access$2502(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  z        public remove(int)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewCacheExtension        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$eval_u)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract getViewForPositionAndType(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewFlinger       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$g)
===============================================================================
  c        private disableRunOnAnimationRequests()
  e        private enableRunOnAnimationRequests()
  eval_u   private computeScrollDuration(int,int,int,int)
  eval_y   public stop()
  g        public smoothScrollBy(int,int,int,int)
  h        private distanceInfluenceForSnapDuration(float)
  o        public smoothScrollBy(int,int)
  p        public smoothScrollBy(int,int,int)
  r        public smoothScrollBy(int,int,int,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  w        postOnAnimation()
  z        public fling(int,int)
  run      public run()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x13$v)
===============================================================================
  a        public final getItemViewType()
  a        static access$5102(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,boolean)
  b        public final getItemId()
  c        shouldIgnore()
  c        offsetPosition(int,boolean)
  d        public final setIsRecyclable(boolean)
  d        hasAnyOfTheFlags(int)
  e        public final getPosition()
  eval__   clearPayload()
  eval_a   isRemoved()
  eval_b   private createPayloadsIfNeeded()
  eval_d   private doesTransientStatePreventRecycling()
  eval_g   wasReturnedFromScrap()
  eval_h   getUnmodifiedPayloads()
  eval_k   isTmpDetached()
  eval_n   isAdapterPositionUnknown()
  eval_q   clearTmpDetachFlag()
  eval_s   private shouldBeKeptAsChild()
  eval_t   needsUpdate()
  eval_u   static access$6300(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_w   private onEnteredHiddenState()
  eval_z   public final isRecyclable()
  f        private onLeftHiddenState()
  g        isUpdated()
  h        saveOldPosition()
  i        clearReturnedFromScrapFlag()
  j        public final getLayoutPosition()
  k        setScrapContainer(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,boolean)
  k        setFlags(int,int)
  k        flagRemovedAndOffsetPosition(int,int,boolean)
  l        unScrap()
  o        static access$1500(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  p        isScrap()
  p        static access$5100(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  q        resetInternal()
  q        addFlags(int)
  r        static access$5002(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  t        isBound()
  t        static access$6500(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  u        clearOldPosition()
  v        public final getOldPosition()
  v        static access$1600(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  w        isInvalid()
  w        addChangePayload(java.lang.Object)
  x        stopIgnoring()
  y        public final getAdapterPosition()
  z        static access$4900(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h9i)
===============================================================================
  g    public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  i    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  l    private shouldIgnore()
  n    getItemDelegate()
  o    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  r    static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_h9i$1)
===============================================================================
  g    public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  o    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)

android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate$Exception    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i8i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ResourcesWrapper       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xdr)
===============================================================================
  getAnimation             public getAnimation(int)
  getBoolean               public getBoolean(int)
  getColor                 public getColor(int)
  getColorStateList        public getColorStateList(int)
  getConfiguration         public getConfiguration()
  getDimension             public getDimension(int)
  getDimensionPixelOffset  public getDimensionPixelOffset(int)
  getDimensionPixelSize    public getDimensionPixelSize(int)
  getDisplayMetrics        public getDisplayMetrics()
  getDrawable              public getDrawable(int)
  getDrawable              public getDrawable(int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  getDrawableForDensity    public getDrawableForDensity(int,int)
  getDrawableForDensity    public getDrawableForDensity(int,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  getFraction              public getFraction(int,int,int)
  getIdentifier            public getIdentifier(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  getIntArray              public getIntArray(int)
  getInteger               public getInteger(int)
  getLayout                public getLayout(int)
  getMovie                 public getMovie(int)
  getQuantityString        public getQuantityString(int,int)
  getQuantityString        public transient getQuantityString(int,int,java.lang.Object[])
  getQuantityText          public getQuantityText(int,int)
  getResourceEntryName     public getResourceEntryName(int)
  getResourceName          public getResourceName(int)
  getResourcePackageName   public getResourcePackageName(int)
  getResourceTypeName      public getResourceTypeName(int)
  getString                public getString(int)
  getString                public transient getString(int,java.lang.Object[])
  getStringArray           public getStringArray(int)
  getText                  public getText(int)
  getText                  public getText(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  getTextArray             public getTextArray(int)
  getValue                 public getValue(int,android.util.TypedValue,boolean)
  getValue                 public getValue(java.lang.String,android.util.TypedValue,boolean)
  getValueForDensity       public getValueForDensity(int,int,android.util.TypedValue,boolean)
  getXml                   public getXml(int)
  obtainAttributes         public obtainAttributes(android.util.AttributeSet,int[])
  obtainTypedArray         public obtainTypedArray(int)
  openRawResource          public openRawResource(int)
  openRawResource          public openRawResource(int,android.util.TypedValue)
  openRawResourceFd        public openRawResourceFd(int)
  parseBundleExtra         public parseBundleExtra(java.lang.String,android.util.AttributeSet,android.os.Bundle)
  parseBundleExtras        public parseBundleExtras(android.content.res.XmlResourceParser,android.os.Bundle)
  updateConfiguration      public updateConfiguration(android.content.res.Configuration,android.util.DisplayMetrics)

android.support.v7.widget.ResourcesWrapper$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vmo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.RtlSpacingHelper       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1y)
===============================================================================
  b    public setRelative(int,int)
  g    public getLeft()
  j    public setAbsolute(int,int)
  o    public getStart()
  r    public getRight()
  u    public getEnd()
  y    public setDirection(boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.RtlSpacingHelper$ParseException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oyy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ScrollbarHelper        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sms)
===============================================================================
  b    static computeScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper,android.view.View,android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager,boolean,boolean)
  i    static computeScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper,android.view.View,android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager,boolean)
  m    static computeScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.OrientationHelper,android.view.View,android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager,boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.ScrollbarHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_g0d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iqj)
===============================================================================
  c                        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  c                        public removeTabAt(int)
  d                        private createTabLayout()
  d                        static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  eval_q                   private createSpinner()
  eval_t                   public animateToVisibility(int)
  g                        static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
  i                        public setContentHeight(int)
  j                        public updateTab(int)
  o                        public setAllowCollapse(boolean)
  p                        private createTabView(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  p                        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int,boolean)
  p                        public setTabSelected(int)
  q                        private isCollapsed()
  r                        public animateToTab(int)
  s                        public removeAllTabs()
  x                        private performExpand()
  z                        private performCollapse()
  onAttachedToWindow       public onAttachedToWindow()
  onConfigurationChanged   protected onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onDetachedFromWindow     public onDetachedFromWindow()
  onItemSelected           public onItemSelected(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onMeasure                public onMeasure(int,int)
  onNothingSelected        public onNothingSelected(android.widget.AdapterView)

android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iqj$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p2s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabAdapter   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iqj$e)
===============================================================================
  getCount     public getCount()
  getItem      public getItem(int)
  getItemId    public getItemId(int)
  getView      public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabClickListener     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iqj$w)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabView      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iqj$i)
===============================================================================
  eval_u                           public bindTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  q                                public update()
  w                                public getTab()
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onLongClick                      public onLongClick(android.view.View)
  onMeasure                        public onMeasure(int,int)
  setSelected                      public setSelected(boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$VisibilityAnimListener       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_iqj$g)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  m    public withFinalVisibility(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,int)
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  p    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o)
===============================================================================
  a                        private dismissSuggestions()
  a                        static access$1800(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,int,int,java.lang.String)
  a                        private launchQuerySearch(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  a                        private onTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  b                        static access$1200(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  b                        private getDecoratedHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
  c                        private updateSubmitArea()
  d                        public isSubmitButtonEnabled()
  d                        static access$2100(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,boolean)
  e                        static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  e                        private updateViewsVisibility(boolean)
  eval__                   private updateQueryHint()
  eval_a                   private addOnLayoutChangeListenerToDropDownAnchorBase()
  eval_b                   getSuggestionCommitIconResId()
  eval_d                   private onSearchClicked()
  eval_f                   private onSuggestionsKey(android.view.View,int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  eval_g                   private onSubmitQuery()
  eval_h                   public isQueryRefinementEnabled()
  eval_i                   private adjustDropDownSizeAndPosition()
  eval_k                   private postUpdateFocusedState()
  eval_k                   static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  eval_l                   public getImeOptions()
  eval_m                   static access$1400(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  eval_o                   private updateSubmitButton(boolean)
  eval_o                   public setMaxWidth(int)
  eval_p                   private onVoiceClicked()
  eval_p                   static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  eval_q                   private addOnLayoutChangeListenerToDropDownAnchorSDK11()
  eval_q                   public setIconifiedByDefault(boolean)
  eval_r                   private updateSearchAutoComplete()
  eval_s                   private updateCloseButton()
  eval_u                   private isSubmitAreaEnabled()
  eval_v                   public isIconfiedByDefault()
  eval_v                   private updateVoiceButton(boolean)
  eval_y                   private hasVoiceSearch()
  eval_z                   private forceSuggestionQuery()
  f                        public getQueryHint()
  f                        public setImeOptions(int)
  g                        public getMaxWidth()
  g                        public setSuggestionsAdapter(android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter)
  g                        static access$700(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  g                        public setOnQueryTextFocusChangeListener(android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
  h                        private onCloseClicked()
  h                        public setSubmitButtonEnabled(boolean)
  h                        private setQuery(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i                        static isLandscapeMode(android.content.Context)
  i                        static access$1900(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,int)
  j                        static access$1100(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  j                        public setOnSearchClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
  j                        private rewriteQueryFromSuggestion(int)
  k                        public setInputType(int)
  l                        public getSuggestionsAdapter()
  l                        private createIntentFromSuggestion(android.database.Cursor,int,java.lang.String)
  m                        public onActionViewCollapsed()
  m                        static access$1500(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,android.view.View,int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  n                        public onActionViewExpanded()
  n                        static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  n                        public setOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener)
  n                        public setOnSuggestionListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener)
  o                        static access$800(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  o                        public setOnCloseListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener)
  o                        static access$1700(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  p                        onTextFocusChanged()
  p                        static access$1300(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  p                        private onItemClicked(int,int,java.lang.String)
  q                        public isIconified()
  q                        static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  q                        private setImeVisibility(boolean)
  q                        onQueryRefine(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q                        private createIntent(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  r                        getSuggestionRowLayout()
  s                        private launchIntent(android.content.Intent)
  s                        private createVoiceAppSearchIntent(android.content.Intent,android.app.SearchableInfo)
  s                        public setIconified(boolean)
  s                        private launchSuggestion(int,int,java.lang.String)
  t                        public getInputType()
  u                        public setAppSearchData(android.os.Bundle)
  u                        static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  v                        public getQuery()
  v                        static access$1000(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  v                        public setQueryRefinementEnabled(boolean)
  w                        private updateFocusedState()
  w                        public setQuery(java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  x                        private getPreferredWidth()
  x                        public setSearchableInfo(android.app.SearchableInfo)
  x                        static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  x                        private onItemSelected(int)
  x                        public setQueryHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y                        static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  y                        static access$2000(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,java.lang.CharSequence)
  z                        private createVoiceWebSearchIntent(android.content.Intent,android.app.SearchableInfo)
  clearFocus               public clearFocus()
  onDetachedFromWindow     protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onMeasure                protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState   protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState      protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onWindowFocusChanged     public onWindowFocusChanged(boolean)
  requestFocus             public requestFocus(int,android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$10  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$10)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$11  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$11)
===============================================================================
  onItemSelected       public onItemSelected(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onNothingSelected    public onNothingSelected(android.widget.AdapterView)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$12  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$12)
===============================================================================
  afterTextChanged     public afterTextChanged(android.text.Editable)
  beforeTextChanged    public beforeTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)
  onTextChanged        public onTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$2   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$3   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$4   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$4)
===============================================================================
  onFocusChange    public onFocusChange(android.view.View,boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$5   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$5)
===============================================================================
  onLayoutChange   public onLayoutChange(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$6   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$6)
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$7   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$7)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$8   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$8)
===============================================================================
  onKey    public onKey(android.view.View,int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$9   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$9)
===============================================================================
  onEditorAction   public onEditorAction(android.widget.TextView,int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__z9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$AutoCompleteTextViewReflector       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$f)
===============================================================================
  c    doBeforeTextChanged(android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView)
  o    ensureImeVisible(android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView,boolean)
  p    showSoftInputUnchecked(android.view.inputmethod.InputMethodManager,android.view.View,int)
  t    doAfterTextChanged(android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$y)
===============================================================================
  v    public abstract onClose()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$a)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  n    public abstract onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$o)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract onSuggestionSelect(int)
  h    public abstract onSuggestionClick(int)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SavedState  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$p)
===============================================================================
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SavedState$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$p$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SavedState$ParseException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w6v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_l1o$k)
===============================================================================
  o                    static access$1600(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete)
  q                    setSearchView(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  r                    private isEmpty()
  enoughToFilter       public enoughToFilter()
  onFocusChanged       protected onFocusChanged(boolean,int,android.graphics.Rect)
  onKeyPreIme          public onKeyPreIme(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onWindowFocusChanged public onWindowFocusChanged(boolean)
  performCompletion    public performCompletion()
  replaceText          protected replaceText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setThreshold         public setThreshold(int)

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jph)
===============================================================================
  e        private setActivityChooserPolicyIfNeeded()
  eval_k   public onCreateActionView()
  eval_s   static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider)
  j        static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider)
  l        private updateIntent(android.content.Intent)
  l        public onPrepareSubMenu(android.view.SubMenu)
  m        public setOnShareTargetSelectedListener(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$OnShareTargetSelectedListener)
  n        static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider)
  p        static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider,android.content.Intent)
  r        public setShareHistoryFileName(java.lang.String)
  v        public setShareIntent(android.content.Intent)
  y        public hasSubMenu()

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jph$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ho9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$OnShareTargetSelectedListener      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jph$p)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract onShareTargetSelected(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$ShareActivityChooserModelPolicy    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jph$_)
===============================================================================
  s    public onChooseActivity(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$ShareMenuItemOnMenuItemClickListener       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jph$n)
===============================================================================
  onMenuItemClick  public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.SimpleItemAnimator     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w8h)
===============================================================================
  b        public final dispatchMoveFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  b        public abstract animateMove(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int,int,int,int)
  c        public getSupportsChangeAnimations()
  c        public onChangeStarting(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,boolean)
  d        public onRemoveStarting(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_a   public final dispatchAddFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_e   public onAddStarting(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_f   public final dispatchMoveStarting(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_m   public final dispatchChangeFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,boolean)
  eval_r   public onRemoveFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_v   public onMoveFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_z   public animateAppearance(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  eval_z   public abstract animateChange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int,int,int,int)
  f        public animateChange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  g        public abstract animateAdd(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  h        public final dispatchAddStarting(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  n        public onMoveStarting(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  o        public final dispatchRemoveStarting(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  o        public animateDisappearance(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  r        public canReuseUpdatedViewHolder(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  r        public onChangeFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,boolean)
  t        public final dispatchChangeStarting(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,boolean)
  u        public final dispatchRemoveFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  v        public abstract animateRemove(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  x        public animatePersistence(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  y        public setSupportsChangeAnimations(boolean)
  z        public onAddFinished(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)

android.support.v7.widget.SimpleItemAnimator$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_wo1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u)
===============================================================================
  a        private checkForGaps()
  a        public setMeasuredDimension(android.graphics.Rect,int,int)
  a        public computeHorizontalScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  a        static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager)
  a        public setSpanCount(int)
  b        isLayoutRTL()
  b        public onLayoutChildren(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  b        private updateAnchorFromChildren(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  b        public onFocusSearchFailed(android.view.View,int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  b        private getMinEnd(int)
  c        public scrollVerticallyBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  d        public smoothScrollToPosition(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,int)
  d        public findLastVisibleItemPositions(int[])
  e        private resolveShouldLayoutReverse()
  e        private recycleFromEnd(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,int)
  e        public computeHorizontalScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  e        public generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  e        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  eval__   private prependViewToAllSpans(android.view.View)
  eval_c   public invalidateSpanAssignments()
  eval_e   private preferLastSpan(int)
  eval_ea  public getOrientation()
  eval_g   areAllStartsEqual()
  eval_g   private setLayoutStateDirection(int)
  eval_jq  private getFirstChildPosition()
  eval_k   public setGapStrategy(int)
  eval_l   private computeScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  eval_lk  private createOrientationHelpers()
  eval_m   private createFullSpanItemFromStart(int)
  eval_r   public getGapStrategy()
  eval_tb  private getLastChildPosition()
  eval_u   areAllEndsEqual()
  eval_v   public checkLayoutParams(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutParams)
  eval_v   private updateRemainingSpans(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$Span,int,int)
  eval_v   private appendViewToAllSpans(android.view.View)
  eval_v   private findFirstReferenceChildPosition(int)
  eval_x   findFirstVisibleItemPositionInt()
  eval_y   private convertFocusDirectionToLayoutDirection(int)
  eval_y   public scrollToPositionWithOffset(int,int)
  eval_yp  private repositionToWrapContentIfNecessary()
  f        public getColumnCountForAccessibility(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  f        private computeScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  f        public onDetachedFromWindow(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler)
  f        static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager)
  f        private applyPendingSavedState(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  f        private createFullSpanItemFromEnd(int)
  f        public findFirstVisibleItemPositions(int[])
  g        public getSpanCount()
  g        public computeHorizontalScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  g        static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager,int)
  g        private findLastReferenceChildPosition(int)
  h        public supportsPredictiveItemAnimations()
  h        public generateLayoutParams(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  h        public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  h        private onLayoutChildren(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  h        updateAnchorInfoForLayout(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  h        public onItemsMoved(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int,int)
  h        private updateAllRemainingSpans(int,int)
  h        public findFirstCompletelyVisibleItemPositions(int[])
  i        public computeVerticalScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  i        private measureChildWithDecorationsAndMargin(android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LayoutParams,boolean)
  j        public canScrollVertically()
  j        public onItemsUpdated(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int,java.lang.Object)
  j        private getMaxEnd(int)
  j        scrollBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  k        updateAnchorFromPendingData(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$AnchorInfo)
  l        public getReverseLayout()
  l        private fill(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.LayoutState,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  m        public canScrollHorizontally()
  m        public setOrientation(int)
  n        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfoForItem(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  n        public computeVerticalScrollRange(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  n        private checkSpanForGap(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$Span)
  o        public getRowCountForAccessibility(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  o        private fixEndGap(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  o        public assertNotInLayoutOrScroll(java.lang.String)
  p        public onSaveInstanceState()
  p        public onItemsRemoved(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  p        private measureChildWithDecorationsAndMargin(android.view.View,int,int,boolean)
  p        private updateSpecWithExtra(int,int,int)
  q        private getNextSpan(android.support.v7.widget.LayoutState)
  q        private fixStartGap(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State,boolean)
  q        findFirstVisibleItemClosestToEnd(boolean,boolean)
  q        private getMinStart(int)
  q        private updateLayoutState(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  q        private handleUpdate(int,int,int)
  r        private computeScrollOffset(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  r        private calculateScrollDirectionForPosition(int)
  s        private recycle(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.LayoutState)
  s        public setReverseLayout(boolean)
  t        hasGapsToFix()
  t        static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager)
  t        public scrollToPosition(int)
  u        private recycleFromStart(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,int)
  u        private attachViewToSpans(android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LayoutParams,android.support.v7.widget.LayoutState)
  u        private getMaxStart(int)
  v        public offsetChildrenHorizontal(int)
  w        public generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  w        public onItemsChanged(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  w        public computeVerticalScrollExtent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  w        public offsetChildrenVertical(int)
  w        public scrollHorizontallyBy(int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Recycler,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  x        public onItemsAdded(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int)
  y        private layoutDecoratedWithMargins(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  y        findFirstVisibleItemClosestToStart(boolean,boolean)
  y        public onScrollStateChanged(int)
  y        public findLastCompletelyVisibleItemPositions(int[])
  z        updateMeasureSpecs(int)

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$2   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$2)
===============================================================================
  l    public computeScrollVectorForPosition(int)

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$AnchorInfo  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$s)
===============================================================================
  a        assignCoordinateFromPadding(int)
  eval_x   reset()
  x        assignCoordinateFromPadding()

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LayoutParams        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$v)
===============================================================================
  g    public isFullSpan()
  k    public final getSpanIndex()
  t    public setFullSpan(boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$eval_d)
===============================================================================
  a    sizeForPosition(int)
  b    public addFullSpanItem(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem)
  b    getSpan(int)
  b    public getFirstFullSpanItemInRange(int,int,int,boolean)
  f    public getFullSpanItem(int)
  g    forceInvalidateAfter(int)
  m    invalidateAfter(int)
  o    offsetForRemoval(int,int)
  p    private offsetFullSpansForAddition(int,int)
  s    ensureSize(int)
  u    clear()
  u    private invalidateFullSpansAfter(int)
  u    setSpan(int,android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$Span)
  x    private offsetFullSpansForRemoval(int,int)
  y    offsetForAddition(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$eval_d$z)
===============================================================================
  n                getGapForSpan(int)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$eval_d$z$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bi2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$ParseException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qxr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_v7k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$r)
===============================================================================
  b                invalidateAnchorPositionInfo()
  p                invalidateSpanInfo()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$r$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState$IOException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ra2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$Span        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f1u$n)
===============================================================================
  b        static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$Span)
  b        getLayoutParams(android.view.View)
  b        public getFocusableViewAfter(int,int)
  c        getEndLine(int)
  d        popStart()
  d        appendToSpan(android.view.View)
  e        getEndLine()
  eval__   public findLastCompletelyVisibleItemPosition()
  eval_k   public findFirstCompletelyVisibleItemPosition()
  eval_t   public findLastVisibleItemPosition()
  i        calculateCachedStart()
  j        getStartLine(int)
  k        public getDeletedSize()
  l        public findFirstVisibleItemPosition()
  m        clear()
  n        onOffset(int)
  q        cacheReferenceLineAndClear(boolean,int)
  q        findOneVisibleChild(int,int,boolean)
  r        popEnd()
  r        setLine(int)
  t        calculateCachedEnd()
  x        getStartLine()
  z        invalidateCache()
  z        prependToSpan(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lxe)
===============================================================================
  a                        private getIcon1(android.database.Cursor)
  a                        public runQueryOnBackgroundThread(java.lang.CharSequence)
  b                        private getDrawable(android.net.Uri)
  d                        public static getColumnString(android.database.Cursor,java.lang.String)
  eval_k                   public setQueryRefinement(int)
  eval_l                   private updateSpinnerState(android.database.Cursor)
  eval_m                   public getQueryRefinement()
  g                        public convertToString(android.database.Cursor)
  i                        private setViewText(android.widget.TextView,java.lang.CharSequence)
  l                        getSearchManagerSuggestions(android.app.SearchableInfo,java.lang.String,int)
  m                        private getDefaultIcon1(android.database.Cursor)
  m                        private getDrawableFromResourceValue(java.lang.String)
  n                        getDrawableFromResourceUri(android.net.Uri)
  o                        private checkIconCache(java.lang.String)
  p                        private static getStringOrNull(android.database.Cursor,int)
  r                        private setViewDrawable(android.widget.ImageView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  s                        public close()
  t                        private getActivityIcon(android.content.ComponentName)
  u                        private storeInIconCache(java.lang.String,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v                        private getActivityIconWithCache(android.content.ComponentName)
  v                        private getIcon2(android.database.Cursor)
  x                        public bindView(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor)
  y                        public newView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  z                        public changeCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  z                        private formatUrl(java.lang.CharSequence)
  getView                  public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  hasStableIds             public hasStableIds()
  notifyDataSetChanged     public notifyDataSetChanged()
  notifyDataSetInvalidated public notifyDataSetInvalidated()
  onClick                  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter$ChildViewCache      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lxe$r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fyi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kd6)
===============================================================================
  a                                private getThumbScrollRange()
  a                                public setSwitchMinWidth(int)
  b                                public getShowText()
  b                                public setThumbResource(int)
  c                                public getSwitchPadding()
  c                                private hitThumb(float,float)
  d                                public getSplitTrack()
  d                                public setSplitTrack(boolean)
  e                                public getSwitchMinWidth()
  e                                private cancelSuperTouch(android.view.MotionEvent)
  eval_c                           static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat,float)
  eval_g                           private getThumbOffset()
  eval_x                           public getTextOff()
  eval_y                           public getTrackDrawable()
  f                                public setTrackResource(int)
  g                                static access$102(android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat,android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$ThumbAnimation)
  h                                public setSwitchTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface,int)
  i                                private getTargetCheckedState()
  i                                public setThumbDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  l                                public getTextOn()
  m                                private cancelPositionAnimator()
  n                                public setSwitchTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)
  n                                private setThumbPosition(float)
  o                                private stopDrag(android.view.MotionEvent)
  p                                static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat)
  r                                public setTextOff(java.lang.CharSequence)
  t                                public setTrackDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t                                public setShowText(boolean)
  t                                public setSwitchPadding(int)
  t                                private setSwitchTypefaceByIndex(int,int)
  t                                public setTextOn(java.lang.CharSequence)
  u                                public getThumbDrawable()
  u                                private static constrain(float,float,float)
  w                                public getThumbTextPadding()
  x                                private animateThumbToCheckedState(boolean)
  x                                private makeLayout(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y                                public setSwitchTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
  z                                public setThumbTextPadding(int)
  draw                             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawableHotspotChanged           public drawableHotspotChanged(float,float)
  drawableStateChanged             protected drawableStateChanged()
  getCompoundPaddingLeft           public getCompoundPaddingLeft()
  getCompoundPaddingRight          public getCompoundPaddingRight()
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState      public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState()
  onCreateDrawableState            protected onCreateDrawableState(int)
  onDraw                           protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        public onMeasure(int,int)
  onPopulateAccessibilityEvent     public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setChecked                       public setChecked(boolean)
  toggle                           public toggle()
  verifyDrawable                   protected verifyDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kd6$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$IOException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bv7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$ThumbAnimation    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_kd6$i)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  protected applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v7.widget.ThemeUtils     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xnn)
===============================================================================
  h    public static getThemeAttrColorStateList(android.content.Context,int)
  m    private static getTypedValue()
  m    static getThemeAttrColor(android.content.Context,int,float)
  o    public static createDisabledStateList(int,int)
  s    public static getDisabledThemeAttrColor(android.content.Context,int)
  w    public static getThemeAttrColor(android.content.Context,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ThemeUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_j0q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ThemedSpinnerAdapter   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lan)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract setDropDownViewTheme(android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  eval_r   public abstract getDropDownViewTheme()

android.support.v7.widget.ThemedSpinnerAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ojs)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ThemedSpinnerAdapter$Helper    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lan$o)
===============================================================================
  b    public getDropDownViewInflater()
  k    public setDropDownViewTheme(android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  w    public getDropDownViewTheme()

android.support.v7.widget.TintContextWrapper     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__oe)
===============================================================================
  s            public static wrap(android.content.Context)
  t            private static shouldWrap(android.content.Context)
  getResources public getResources()
  getTheme     public getTheme()
  setTheme     public setTheme(int)

android.support.v7.widget.TintContextWrapper$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vy8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.TintInfo       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sah)
===============================================================================
  v    clear()

android.support.v7.widget.TintInfo$Exception     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_yga)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.TintResources  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xyb)
===============================================================================
  getDrawable  public getDrawable(int)

android.support.v7.widget.TintResources$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_i_d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.TintTypedArray (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bx2)
===============================================================================
  a        public getResourceId(int,int)
  b        public getType(int)
  b        public getDimensionPixelSize(int,int)
  c        public getTextArray(int)
  d        public getText(int)
  d        public getLayoutDimension(int,int)
  eval__   public getString(int)
  eval__   public getInteger(int,int)
  eval_i   public getNonResourceString(int)
  eval_k   public static obtainStyledAttributes(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int[],int,int)
  eval_u   public recycle()
  eval_w   public getDrawableIfKnown(int)
  eval_y   public getValue(int,android.util.TypedValue)
  eval_z   public peekValue(int)
  g        public getInt(int,int)
  h        public getIndex(int)
  i        public getColor(int,int)
  j        public length()
  j        public getColorStateList(int)
  k        public getDimension(int,float)
  l        public getIndexCount()
  l        public getLayoutDimension(int,java.lang.String)
  q        public getDrawable(int)
  q        public getFraction(int,int,int,float)
  r        public getPositionDescription()
  r        public getBoolean(int,boolean)
  s        public getChangingConfigurations()
  s        public static obtainStyledAttributes(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int[])
  s        public getDimensionPixelOffset(int,int)
  v        public getFloat(int,float)
  w        public getResources()
  z        public hasValue(int)

android.support.v7.widget.TintTypedArray$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_itm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle)
===============================================================================
  a                            public getContentInsetLeft()
  a                            public setContentInsetsRelative(int,int)
  b                            private layoutChildRight(android.view.View,int,int[],int)
  b                            private getChildVerticalGravity(int)
  c                            private shouldLayout(android.view.View)
  c                            private measureChildConstrained(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int)
  d                            public getNavigationIcon()
  d                            public setSubtitleTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)
  d                            public setNavigationOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
  d                            public setSubtitleTextColor(int)
  e                            public hideOverflowMenu()
  e                            public setTitleTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)
  e                            public setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  e                            private layoutChildLeft(android.view.View,int,int[],int)
  e                            public setSubtitle(int)
  e                            public setContentInsetsAbsolute(int,int)
  eval_a                       private ensureMenu()
  eval_b                       private getChildHorizontalGravity(int)
  eval_e                       private getMenuInflater()
  eval_g                       public setNavigationIcon(int)
  eval_h                       addChildrenForExpandedActionView()
  eval_j                       private postShowOverflowMenu()
  eval_k                       public getNavigationContentDescription()
  eval_m                       private ensureMenuView()
  eval_n                       public showOverflowMenu()
  eval_q                       private ensureCollapseButtonView()
  eval_r                       public hasExpandedActionView()
  eval_s                       public dismissPopupMenus()
  eval_s                       public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_t                       public setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_u                       public getMenu()
  eval_w                       public setLogo(int)
  eval_x                       public getOverflowIcon()
  eval_x                       static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  eval_y                       public getSubtitle()
  eval_z                       private shouldCollapse()
  f                            public setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  f                            static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  f                            private static isCustomView(android.view.View)
  f                            public setTitleTextColor(int)
  g                            public getLogo()
  g                            private getChildTop(android.view.View,int)
  g                            public setCollapsible(boolean)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams         protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  h                            public getContentInsetStart()
  h                            public setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i                            public canShowOverflowMenu()
  j                            public getContentInsetRight()
  j                            private getViewListMeasuredWidth(java.util.List,int[])
  k                            public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  k                            private getVerticalMargins(android.view.View)
  k                            public setPopupTheme(int)
  k                            public setLogoDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  l                            removeChildrenForExpandedActionView()
  l                            static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  m                            public setNavigationContentDescription(int)
  n                            public getPopupTheme()
  o                            private ensureLogoView()
  o                            public setLogoDescription(int)
  p                            public getTitle()
  p                            public setMenuCallbacks(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  p                            public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  p                            public setTitle(int)
  p                            public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q                            public setMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  q                            private getHorizontalMargins(android.view.View)
  r                            public getContentInsetEnd()
  r                            public inflateMenu(int)
  s                            public isTitleTruncated()
  t                            public collapseActionView()
  t                            private addSystemView(android.view.View,boolean)
  u                            public getLogoDescription()
  v                            static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  x                            private ensureNavButtonView()
  x                            private measureChildCollapseMargins(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int[])
  x                            private addCustomViewsWithGravity(java.util.List,int)
  y                            public getWrapper()
  y                            private isChildOrHidden(android.view.View)
  z                            public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  checkLayoutParams            protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams         protected volatile generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onDetachedFromWindow         protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onHoverEvent                 public onHoverEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                     protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState       protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onRtlPropertiesChanged       public onRtlPropertiesChanged(int)
  onSaveInstanceState          protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onTouchEvent                 public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle$1)
===============================================================================
  e    public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$2      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$3      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle$3)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$ExpandedActionViewMenuPresenter        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle$c)
===============================================================================
  c        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  d        public onSaveInstanceState()
  d        public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  e        public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  eval_z   public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  g        public getId()
  g        public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  g        public updateMenuView(boolean)
  j        public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  p        public flagActionItems()
  p        public setCallback(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  p        public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$IOException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e93)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$LayoutParams   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle$m)
===============================================================================
  t    copyMarginsFromCompat(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle$g)
===============================================================================
  n    public abstract onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle$z)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState$1   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dle$z$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState$Exception   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_m3s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pmg)
===============================================================================
  a        public hideOverflowMenu()
  a        public setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  a        public animateToVisibility(int)
  b        public hasLogo()
  b        public setLogo(int)
  c        public hasExpandedActionView()
  c        public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  c        public setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  d        public getTitle()
  d        public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  e        public canShowOverflowMenu()
  eval__   public dismissPopupMenus()
  eval_a   private updateHomeAccessibility()
  eval_b   public setMenuPrepared()
  eval_g   public getVisibility()
  eval_g   public setMenu(android.view.Menu,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  eval_j   public initIndeterminateProgress()
  eval_k   public getDropdownSelectedPosition()
  eval_m   private updateNavigationIcon()
  eval_m   public setDefaultNavigationContentDescription(int)
  eval_n   public getSubtitle()
  eval_p   public isTitleTruncated()
  eval_q   public setCollapsible(boolean)
  eval_s   public getCustomView()
  eval_t   public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_x   private ensureSpinner()
  eval_x   public setDisplayOptions(int)
  eval_y   public getDisplayOptions()
  eval_z   public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  f        public initProgress()
  f        public setDefaultNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  f        public setIcon(int)
  g        public hasEmbeddedTabs()
  h        public setNavigationMode(int)
  h        private setTitleInt(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public setNavigationIcon(int)
  j        public setDropdownParams(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.widget.AdapterView$OnItemSelectedListener)
  j        public setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  l        public getDropdownItemCount()
  l        static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper)
  m        public collapseActionView()
  m        public setEmbeddedTabView(android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
  n        public setDropdownSelectedPosition(int)
  o        public getNavigationMode()
  p        public showOverflowMenu()
  p        public restoreHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  q        public getMenu()
  q        public setupAnimatorToVisibility(int,long)
  r        public getViewGroup()
  t        private detectDisplayOptions()
  t        public setWindowCallback(android.view.Window$Callback)
  u        public hasIcon()
  u        public setMenuCallbacks(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback,android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  v        public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  v        static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper)
  v        public setNavigationContentDescription(int)
  w        public getHeight()
  w        static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper)
  w        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  w        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  x        static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper)
  x        public setVisibility(int)
  y        private updateToolbarLogo()
  y        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  z        public getContext()
  z        public setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  z        public saveHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)

android.support.v7.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$1 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pmg$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$2 (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_pmg$2)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  m    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  p    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vln)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.VectorEnabledTintResources     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_boq)
===============================================================================
  a            final superGetDrawable(int)
  g            public static shouldBeUsed()
  getDrawable  public getDrawable(int)

android.support.v7.widget.VectorEnabledTintResources$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_oqt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ViewInfoStore  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u64)
===============================================================================
  a        clear()
  b        addToDisappearedInLayout(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  d        popFromPreLayout(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  e        private popFromLayoutStep(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int)
  eval_h   public onViewDetached(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_s   isDisappearing(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_t   removeViewHolder(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  g        addToPreLayout(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  g        getFromOldChangeHolders(long)
  k        addToPostLayout(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  m        addToAppearedInPreLayoutHolders(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  p        removeFromDisappearedInLayout(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  p        process(android.support.v7.widget.ViewInfoStore$ProcessCallback)
  q        popFromPostLayout(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  w        isInPreLayout(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  x        onDetach()
  y        addToOldChangeHolders(long,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)

android.support.v7.widget.ViewInfoStore$Exception        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_rci)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ViewInfoStore$InfoRecord       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u64$o)
===============================================================================
  l    static recycle(android.support.v7.widget.ViewInfoStore$InfoRecord)
  m    static obtain()
  z    static drainCache()

android.support.v7.widget.ViewInfoStore$ProcessCallback  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u64$g)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract unused(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  eval_s   public abstract processDisappeared(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  o        public abstract processAppeared(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)
  u        public abstract processPersistent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator$ItemHolderInfo)

android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cjh)
===============================================================================
  j                public getInflatedId()
  n                public getLayoutInflater()
  o                public setOnInflateListener(android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener)
  p                public setLayoutInflater(android.view.LayoutInflater)
  q                public inflate()
  q                public setLayoutResource(int)
  y                public getLayoutResource()
  y                public setInflatedId(int)
  dispatchDraw     protected dispatchDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  draw             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onMeasure        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  setVisibility    public setVisibility(int)

android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__y2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_cjh$k)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract onInflate(android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat,android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.ViewUtils      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sn8)
===============================================================================
  e    public static isLayoutRtl(android.view.View)
  j    public static combineMeasuredStates(int,int)
  k    public static makeOptionalFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  q    public static computeFitSystemWindows(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.widget.ViewUtils$NullPointerException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a6y)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8)
===============================================================================
  a        private addChildDrawingOrderCallback()
  a        private select(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int)
  a        static access$1800(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper)
  b        public startDrag(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  b        static access$2302(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper,int)
  b        public onChildViewAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
  c        private swipeIfNecessary(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  c        private updateDxDy(android.view.MotionEvent,int,int)
  d        private scrollIfNecessary()
  e        private releaseVelocityTracker()
  e        private findChildView(android.view.MotionEvent)
  eval_f   static access$2300(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper)
  eval_k   static access$1100(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper)
  eval_w   static access$1600(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper)
  eval_y   private hasRunningRecoverAnim()
  eval_z   private checkHorizontalSwipe(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int)
  f        private obtainVelocityTracker()
  g        static access$800(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int)
  h        private destroyCallbacks()
  h        private removeChildDrawingOrderCallbackIfNecessary(android.view.View)
  i        private initGestureDetector()
  j        public onDrawOver(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  k        private moveIfNecessary(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  k        private getSelectedDxDy(float[])
  l        static access$1500(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper,android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$RecoverAnimation,int)
  m        static access$1700(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper,android.view.View)
  n        private findSwapTargets(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  n        static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper)
  n        private static hitTest(android.view.View,float,float,float,float)
  p        private setupCallbacks()
  p        static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper)
  p        private postDispatchSwipe(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$RecoverAnimation,int)
  q        public onChildViewDetachedFromWindow(android.view.View)
  r        private checkVerticalSwipe(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int)
  r        static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper)
  r        static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper,android.view.MotionEvent)
  t        public startSwipe(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  t        private findSwipedView(android.view.MotionEvent)
  u        static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  u        private checkSelectForSwipe(int,android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  x        public attachToRecyclerView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  x        static access$1000(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper,int,android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  y        public getItemOffsets(android.graphics.Rect,android.view.View,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  y        private endRecoverAnimation(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,boolean)
  y        static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper)
  y        static access$700(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,boolean)
  z        public onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$State)
  z        static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper)
  z        static access$2400(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper,android.view.MotionEvent)
  z        static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper,android.view.MotionEvent,int,int)
  z        private findAnimation(android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$2       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$2)
===============================================================================
  d    public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.MotionEvent)
  x    public onTouchEvent(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.MotionEvent)
  y    public onRequestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$3       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$3)
===============================================================================
  y    public onAnimationEnd(android.support.v4.animation.ValueAnimatorCompat)

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$4       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$4)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$5       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$5)
===============================================================================
  z    public onGetChildDrawingOrder(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$Callback        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$g)
===============================================================================
  a        public onChildDrawOver(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,float,float,int,boolean)
  a        public onSelectedChanged(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int)
  a        private hasDragFlag(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  b        private onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,java.util.List,int,float,float)
  b        static access$1400(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$Callback,android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,java.util.List,int,float,float)
  b        public static convertToRelativeDirection(int,int)
  c        public clearView(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  e        public isLongPressDragEnabled()
  e        public abstract getMovementFlags(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  e        public abstract onMove(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  e        public interpolateOutOfBoundsScroll(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,int,int,long)
  e        public getSwipeEscapeVelocity(float)
  eval_c   public getAnimationDuration(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,int,float,float)
  eval_s   public onChildDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,float,float,int,boolean)
  g        private getMaxDragScroll(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView)
  i        public getSwipeThreshold(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  k        static access$2100(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$Callback,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  m        public static getDefaultUIUtil()
  m        public canDropOver(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  n        public isItemViewSwipeEnabled()
  n        private onDrawOver(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,java.util.List,int,float,float)
  n        public getMoveThreshold(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  n        public abstract onSwiped(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int)
  n        public getSwipeVelocityThreshold(float)
  o        public static makeMovementFlags(int,int)
  q        static access$1300(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$Callback,android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,java.util.List,int,float,float)
  s        public chooseDropTarget(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,java.util.List,int,int)
  s        static access$2200(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$Callback,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  s        public static makeFlag(int,int)
  u        public getBoundingBoxMargin()
  u        public onMoved(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int,int,int)
  v        private hasSwipeFlag(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  v        public convertToAbsoluteDirection(int,int)
  w        final getAbsoluteMovementFlags(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$Callback$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$g$1)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$Callback$2      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$g$2)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$Callback$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_p2q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x0r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$ItemTouchHelperGestureListener  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$q)
===============================================================================
  onDown       public onDown(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLongPress  public onLongPress(android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$RecoverAnimation        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$f)
===============================================================================
  c        public onAnimationRepeat(android.support.v4.animation.ValueAnimatorCompat)
  d        public start()
  e        public setDuration(long)
  eval_y   public cancel()
  i        static access$1900(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$RecoverAnimation)
  l        static access$2000(android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$RecoverAnimation)
  m        public onAnimationStart(android.support.v4.animation.ValueAnimatorCompat)
  p        public update()
  t        public onAnimationCancel(android.support.v4.animation.ValueAnimatorCompat)
  w        public setFraction(float)
  y        public onAnimationEnd(android.support.v4.animation.ValueAnimatorCompat)

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$RecoverAnimation$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$f$1)
===============================================================================
  g    public onAnimationUpdate(android.support.v4.animation.ValueAnimatorCompat)

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$RecoverAnimation$NullPointerException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_jb6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$SimpleCallback  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$e)
===============================================================================
  b    public setDefaultSwipeDirs(int)
  d    public getDragDirs(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  e    public getMovementFlags(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)
  s    public setDefaultDragDirs(int)
  x    public getSwipeDirs(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder)

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchHelper$ViewDropHandler (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hd8$t)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract prepareForDrop(android.view.View,android.view.View,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchUIUtil (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_hdw)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onSelected(android.view.View)
  n    public abstract onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View,float,float,int,boolean)
  p    public abstract onDrawOver(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View,float,float,int,boolean)
  r    public abstract clearView(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchUIUtil$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lxs)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchUIUtilImpl     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n1c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchUIUtilImpl$Gingerbread (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n1c$l)
===============================================================================
  b    public onSelected(android.view.View)
  n    public onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View,float,float,int,boolean)
  p    public onDrawOver(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View,float,float,int,boolean)
  r    public clearView(android.view.View)
  y    private draw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View,float,float)

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchUIUtilImpl$Honeycomb   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n1c$j)
===============================================================================
  b    public onSelected(android.view.View)
  n    public onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View,float,float,int,boolean)
  p    public onDrawOver(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View,float,float,int,boolean)
  r    public clearView(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchUIUtilImpl$Lollipop    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_n1c$e)
===============================================================================
  n    public onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View,float,float,int,boolean)
  r    public clearView(android.view.View)
  s    private findMaxElevation(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView,android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.helper.ItemTouchUIUtilImpl$ParseException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ll2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.util.SortedListAdapterCallback (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bz7)
===============================================================================
  b    public onChanged(int,int)
  i    public onMoved(int,int)
  l    public onRemoved(int,int)
  v    public onInserted(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.util.SortedListAdapterCallback$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_f6c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllDialogFragment (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nja)
===============================================================================
  onCreateDialog   public onCreateDialog(android.os.Bundle)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllDialogFragment$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nja$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllDialogFragment$2       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nja$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllDialogFragment$3       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_bsc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllDialogFragment$Exception       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x_n)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllDialogFragment$OnAddAllListener        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_nja$d)
===============================================================================
  t    public abstract addAllNetworks()

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllNetworksService        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_k4n)
===============================================================================
  h                private responseFinished()
  y                private responseProgress(int)
  onHandleIntent   protected onHandleIntent(android.content.Intent)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllNetworksService$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_q7c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddAllNetworksService$NullPointerException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ver)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment
===============================================================================
  d        static access$200(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment,int)
  eval_c9  public addAllNetworks()
  eval_d0  private setupBroadcastReceivers()
  eval_d5  public removeAllNetworks()
  eval_dn  private hideProgressBar()
  eval_e_  public onPauseFragment()
  eval_g   public onResume()
  eval_k   public onDestroy()
  eval_kx  public static newInstance()
  eval_l   public onPause()
  eval_mb  private isRemoveAllNetworkServiceRunning()
  eval_qi  public onResumeFragment()
  eval_s   static access$300(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment)
  eval_uz  public onRemoveSsidFailed()
  eval_w   private updateProgressBar(int)
  eval_x5  static access$400()
  eval_zp  private isAddAllNetworkServiceRunning()
  f        static access$000(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment)
  h        public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu,android.view.MenuInflater)
  j        public onDetach()
  k        static access$100(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment)
  k        private showProgressBar(int)
  m        public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  n        private unregisterBroadcastReceivers()
  q        public onAttach(android.content.Context)
  s        private registerBroadcastReceivers()
  t        public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$1
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$2
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$3
===============================================================================
  onQueryTextChange    public onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  onQueryTextSubmit    public onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$AddAllNetworksResponseReceiver     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$p)
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$DownloadSsidJsonResponseReceiver   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$x)
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$Exception  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_esb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$w)
===============================================================================
  eval__   public abstract showDialogRemoveAllRemovalFailed(int)
  eval_b   public abstract showDialogRemoveAllNetworks()
  eval_y   public abstract showDialogSSIDRemovalFailed()
  eval_z   public abstract showDialogAddAllNetworks()

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$RemoveAllNetworksResponseReceiver  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.AddRemoveNetworksFragment$m)
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.BootCompletedReceiver
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.BootCompletedReceiver$NullPointerException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_e8w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.BuildConfig  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vi1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.BuildConfig$NullPointerException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ztz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.DownloadSsidJsonService      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xe8)
===============================================================================
  d                private responseNoNewFile()
  g                private responseFileReplaced()
  onHandleIntent   protected onHandleIntent(android.content.Intent)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.DownloadSsidJsonService$ParseException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mma)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.DummyFragment        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x87)
===============================================================================
  q            public static newInstance(int)
  onCreate     public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateView public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.DummyFragment$1      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_x87$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.DummyFragment$ParseException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_evd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.FindNearestNodesService      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qj4)
===============================================================================
  d                private getJsonFromLocalFile()
  g                private updateNodesJson()
  g                private getNodesFromJson(org.json.JSONObject)
  i                public onConnected()
  n                private responseError()
  w                private getNearestNodes(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.Node[],android.location.Location)
  onHandleIntent   protected onHandleIntent(android.content.Intent)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.FindNearestNodesService$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qj4$1)
===============================================================================
  s        public compare(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.Node,com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.Node)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.FindNearestNodesService$ParseException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w0i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.FixScrollingFooterBehavior
===============================================================================
  o    public onDependentViewChanged(android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout,android.view.View,android.view.View)
  p    private calculateBottomPadding(android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.FixScrollingFooterBehavior$NullPointerException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_mwt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.FragmentLifecycle    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_a1w)
===============================================================================
  eval_e_  public abstract onPauseFragment()
  eval_qi  public abstract onResumeFragment()

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.FragmentLifecycle$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ybg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.InfoActivity (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval__0s)
===============================================================================
  onCreate             protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu  public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.InfoActivity$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qaq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.MainActivity
===============================================================================
  eval__                   public showDialogRemoveAllRemovalFailed(int)
  eval_b                   public showDialogRemoveAllNetworks()
  eval_t                   private checkForNewSsidFile()
  eval_y                   public showDialogSSIDRemovalFailed()
  eval_z                   public showDialogAddAllNetworks()
  j                        static access$200(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.MainActivity)
  k                        static access$000(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.MainActivity)
  p                        public removeAllNetworks()
  t                        public addAllNetworks()
  u                        private isNotificationServiceRunning()
  y                        static access$100(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.MainActivity)
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onStart                  protected onStart()

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.MainActivity$1
===============================================================================
  eval_p   public onPageScrollStateChanged(int)
  l        public onPageSelected(int)
  p        public onPageScrolled(int,float,int)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.MainActivity$1$1
===============================================================================
  eval_e_  public onPauseFragment()
  eval_qi  public onResumeFragment()

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.MainActivity$1$2
===============================================================================
  eval_e_  public onPauseFragment()
  eval_qi  public onResumeFragment()

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.MainActivity$1$IOException   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qxk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.MainActivity$2
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.MainActivity$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_s5f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.MyFragmentPagerAdapter       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qli)
===============================================================================
  eval_s   public getPageTitle(int)
  q        public instantiateItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  s        public getCount()
  u        public getItem(int)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.MyFragmentPagerAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gc7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment
===============================================================================
  eval__g  private openApplicationSettingsPage()
  eval_dj  private registerBroadcastReceivers()
  eval_e_  public onPauseFragment()
  eval_ea  private startFindNearestNodesServiceWithProgressBar()
  eval_g   public onResume()
  eval_gb  static access$400()
  eval_hf  private showLocationWarning()
  eval_iv  private unregisterBroadcastReceivers()
  eval_l   public onPause()
  eval_lc  private isFindNearestNodesServiceRunning()
  eval_lh  private setupBroadcastReceivers()
  eval_n   static access$600(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment)
  eval_qi  public onResumeFragment()
  eval_sg  private showNodeList()
  g        static access$700(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment)
  h        public onItemClick(android.view.View,int,int)
  h        static access$300(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment)
  j        public onDetach()
  j        public onRequestPermissionsResult(int,java.lang.String[],int[])
  l        static access$000(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment)
  m        public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  n        static access$200(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment)
  o        public onStart()
  o        static access$100(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment)
  p        static access$800(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment)
  q        public onAttach(android.content.Context)
  r        static access$500(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment)
  s        private startFindNearestNodesService()
  t        public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  t        static access$900(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment)
  w        static access$102(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment,java.lang.String)
  x        public static newInstance()
  y        private showProgressBar()

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment$1
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment$2
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment$3
===============================================================================
  a    public onRefresh()

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment$Exception       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xz_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment$FindNearestNodesResponseReceiver        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment$r)
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NearestNodesFragment$eval_c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.Network      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tci)
===============================================================================
  x                public compareTo(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.Network)
  compareTo        public volatile compareTo(java.lang.Object)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  equals           public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode         public hashCode()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.Network$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tci$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.Network$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w09)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tyj)
===============================================================================
  a        static access$400(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter)
  b        public getFilter()
  c        public onBindViewHolder(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter$ViewHolder,int)
  eval_h   public getNetwork(int)
  eval_k   public updateSSIDsFromJsonFile()
  eval_l   static access$200(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter)
  eval_t   public getShownNetworks()
  f        public onCreateViewHolder(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  j        public getItemCount()
  j        static access$000(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter)
  k        public volatile onBindViewHolder(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int)
  m        static access$100(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter)
  r        public setOnAdapterInteractionListener(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter$OnAdapterInteractionListener)
  t        static access$502(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter,java.lang.CharSequence)
  v        public updateNetworkStatus()
  y        static access$300(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tyj$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_w0p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter$NetworkFilter (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tyj$i)
===============================================================================
  performFiltering protected performFiltering(java.lang.CharSequence)
  publishResults   protected publishResults(java.lang.CharSequence,android.widget.Filter$FilterResults)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter$OnAdapterInteractionListener  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tyj$y)
===============================================================================
  eval_uz  public abstract onRemoveSsidFailed()

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NetworkRecyclerAdapter$ViewHolder    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_tyj$t)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.Node (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u0q)
===============================================================================
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.Node$1       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_u0q$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.Node$IOException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_b05)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NodeRecyclerAdapter  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c5p)
===============================================================================
  b        static access$000(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NodeRecyclerAdapter)
  d        public onBindViewHolder(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NodeRecyclerAdapter$ViewHolder,int)
  eval_o   public clear()
  f        public onCreateViewHolder(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  f        public addAll(java.util.List)
  j        public getItemCount()
  k        public volatile onBindViewHolder(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewHolder,int)
  k        public getNode(int)
  u        public setOnItemClickListener(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NodeRecyclerAdapter$OnItemClickListener)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NodeRecyclerAdapter$IOException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_d_q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NodeRecyclerAdapter$OnItemClickListener      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c5p$o)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract onItemClick(android.view.View,int,int)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NodeRecyclerAdapter$ViewHolder       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c5p$s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NodeRecyclerAdapter$ViewHolder$1     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_c5p$s$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NodeRecyclerAdapter$ViewHolder$Exception     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ole)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NotificationService  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z59)
===============================================================================
  d                private synchronized checkIfNotificationShouldBeSend()
  f                static access$000(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NotificationService)
  g                private checkIfAlreadyConnectedToFreifunk()
  h                static access$300(com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NotificationService)
  i                private synchronized getSSIDs()
  p                private sendNotification(java.util.List)
  u                static access$100()
  z                private checkIfAlreadyConnectedToAnyNetwork()
  onBind           public onBind(android.content.Intent)
  onCreate         public onCreate()
  onDestroy        public onDestroy()
  onStartCommand   public onStartCommand(android.content.Intent,int,int)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NotificationService$1        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z59$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NotificationService$CheckNotificationAsyncTask       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z59$d)
===============================================================================
  x                protected transient doInBackground(java.lang.Void[])
  doInBackground   protected volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NotificationService$IOException      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_gyq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NotificationService$UpdateSSIDsAsyncTask     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z59$p)
===============================================================================
  b                protected transient doInBackground(java.lang.Void[])
  doInBackground   protected volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NotificationService$UpdateSSIDsReceiver      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z59$b)
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.NotificationService$WifiReceiver     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_z59$k)
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$NullPointerException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r1m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$anim       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$attr       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$bool       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$color      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$dimen      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$drawable   (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$id (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$integer    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$layout     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$eval_t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$menu       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$mipmap     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$eval_d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$string     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$style      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$styleable  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$eval_q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.R$xml        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_izw$k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemovalFailedDialogFragment  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_xal)
===============================================================================
  onCreateDialog   public onCreateDialog(android.os.Bundle)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemovalFailedDialogFragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_drp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllDialogFragment      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qhr)
===============================================================================
  onCreateDialog   public onCreateDialog(android.os.Bundle)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllDialogFragment$1    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qhr$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllDialogFragment$2    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qhr$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllDialogFragment$OnRemoveAllListener  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_qhr$u)
===============================================================================
  p    public abstract removeAllNetworks()

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllDialogFragment$ParseException       (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_fmj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllNetworksService     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r0t)
===============================================================================
  k                private responseFinished(int)
  s                private publishProgress(int)
  onHandleIntent   protected onHandleIntent(android.content.Intent)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllNetworksService$IOException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_sx2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllRemovalFailedDialogFragment (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_vdg)
===============================================================================
  onCreateDialog   public onCreateDialog(android.os.Bundle)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.RemoveAllRemovalFailedDialogFragment$NullPointerException    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_lwf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.SettingsActivity     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dp6)
===============================================================================
  onCreate protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.SettingsActivity$NullPointerException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ft2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment    (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dp6$f)
===============================================================================
  onCreate public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment$1  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dp6$f$1)
===============================================================================
  onPreferenceChange   public onPreferenceChange(android.preference.Preference,java.lang.Object)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment$2  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dp6$f$2)
===============================================================================
  onPreferenceChange   public onPreferenceChange(android.preference.Preference,java.lang.Object)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment$3  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dp6$f$3)
===============================================================================
  afterTextChanged     public afterTextChanged(android.text.Editable)
  beforeTextChanged    public beforeTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)
  onTextChanged        public onTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment$4  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_dp6$f$4)
===============================================================================
  onPreferenceChange   public onPreferenceChange(android.preference.Preference,java.lang.Object)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment$ParseException     (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_r4r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.WifiConfigurationComparator  (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_zdb)
===============================================================================
  z        public compare(android.net.wifi.WifiConfiguration,android.net.wifi.WifiConfiguration)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.WifiConfigurationComparator$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_ghj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.WifiConfigurationSSIDComparator      (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_uie)
===============================================================================
  compare  public compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.WifiConfigurationSSIDComparator$NullPointerException (com.example.tobiastrumm.freifunkautoconnect.eval_knf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of Fields : 10412
  Renamed to eval_s : 184 (1.8%)
  Renamed to eval_r : 181 (1.7%)
  Renamed to eval_g : 174 (1.7%)
  Renamed to eval_w : 174 (1.7%)
  Renamed to eval_q : 173 (1.7%)
  Renamed to eval_u : 172 (1.7%)
  Renamed to eval__ : 171 (1.6%)
  Renamed to eval_o : 171 (1.6%)
  Renamed to eval_v : 171 (1.6%)
  Renamed to eval_p : 170 (1.6%)

Number of Methods : 13776
  Renamed to b : 425 (3.1%)
  Renamed to d : 425 (3.1%)
  Renamed to p : 419 (3.0%)
  Renamed to g : 411 (3.0%)
  Renamed to o : 409 (3.0%)
  Renamed to a : 405 (2.9%)
  Renamed to y : 404 (2.9%)
  Renamed to f : 402 (2.9%)
  Renamed to j : 397 (2.9%)
  Renamed to v : 397 (2.9%)

