New Name                         Original Name
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$o  abstract interface android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$DialogStyle
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.v public final android.support.v4.BuildConfig
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__    android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a    public final android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b    public android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompat$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c    public android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleJellybeanMR2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d    android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompatKitKat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e    public android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f    public android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatJellyBeanMr2$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g    android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatHoneycomb
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h    public android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompatKitKat$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i    public android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatIcs$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j    public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k    public android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l    public android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m    android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatJellyBeanMr2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n    android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o    public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p    android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleJellybeanMR2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q    android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatIcs
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r    public android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s    public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t    android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatJB
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u    public android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w    public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x    public android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y    public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatJB$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z    public android.support.v4.BuildConfig$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__0   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.adapter.SupportAdapter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__1   public android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi21$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__2   android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatJellybeanMR2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__4   public android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6   android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__7   public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatJellybeanMR2$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__8   public android.support.v7.internal.view.ActionBarPolicy
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__9   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.BuildConfig$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval___   public android.support.v4.database.DatabaseUtilsCompat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__a   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.ConnectivityUtils$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__c   android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__d   android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatIcs
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__e   public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__f   public com.android.vending.billing.util.IabException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__g   android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__h   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorContentParent$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__i   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__j   public android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__k   public android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__m   public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatApi20$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__n   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatIcs$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__o   public android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__p   public android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__r   android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__s   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__t   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.utils.SupportUtils$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__v   android.support.v4.provider.SingleDocumentFile
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__y   final android.support.v4.widget.BakedBezierInterpolator
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__z   public android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a0   public android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a1   public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a5   public android.support.v4.widget.SwipeProgressBar$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a6   android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatICS
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a7   public android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a8   public android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a9   public android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_aa   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ac   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.openweathermap.DailyForecastJsonParser$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ad   public final android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ae   public android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_af   public abstract interface android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ag   public android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorCallback$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ah   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_aj   public android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ak   public android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompatKitKat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_al   public android.support.v4.util.ContainerHelpers$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_am   public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_an   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.model.CoffeeEntryFactory$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ao   android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ap   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckedTextView$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_aq   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.CompatTextView$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_as   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_at   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcs
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_au   android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatJellyBean
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_av   public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatGingerbread$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_aw   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ay   public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b0   public android.support.v4.database.DatabaseUtilsCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b1   public android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b2   public android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b3   android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatJellybean
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b4   public android.support.v4.view.MenuCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b5   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuItemView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b6   android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b7   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.model.CoffeeEntry$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b8   public abstract android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b9   public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b_   public android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bb   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintTypedArray$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bc   public android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatHoneycomb$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bd   public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_be   android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bf   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bg   public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICS$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bh   public android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bi   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bk   public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bm   public android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bn   public final android.support.v7.appcompat.BuildConfig
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bo   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.LocationUtils$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bp   public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bq   public android.support.v4.util.Pair
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_br   public android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bs   android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatKitKat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bt   final android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bu   abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bv   public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bx   android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatHoneycombMr1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_by   android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bz   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItem
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c0   public android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatIcs$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c1   android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompatJellybeanMr1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c2   public android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c3   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellyBean$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c4   public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c5   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c6   public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatHoneycombMR2$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c8   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_   abstract android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cc   public android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cd   public android.support.v4.util.Pools$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ce   android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cf   public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cg   android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatEclair
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci   public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cl   public abstract android.support.v7.view.ActionMode
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cn   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_co   public android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cp   public com.android.vending.billing.util.Security
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cr   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cs   android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cv   public android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cw   public android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx   public com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cy   public final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cz   android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatHoneycomb
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d0   public final android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d1   android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d2   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d3   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.adapter.SupportAdapter$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d4   public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d5   android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJellybeanMr2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6   public android.support.v7.widget.SearchView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d7   final android.support.v4.app.FragmentState
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d_   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatIceCreamSandwich$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_da   public android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_db   public android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dc   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dd   public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_de   public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_df   android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompatHoneycomb
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dh   public abstract android.support.v4.media.TransportPerformer
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_di   public android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerJellybeanMr1$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dj   public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatHoneycomb$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dk   public android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatICS$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dl   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContainer$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dn   public android.support.v4.util.CircularArray$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_do   public android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dp   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuItemView$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dq   android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatHoneycomb
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dr   public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ds   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcsMr1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dt   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckedTextView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_du   android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatKitKat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dv   public android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dx   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dy   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e1   public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e2   public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateHC$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e3   public android.support.v7.internal.text.AllCapsTransformationMethod$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e4   public android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e6   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e7   android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompatIcs
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e8   public android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e_   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorContentParent
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_eb   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateHC
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ec   final android.support.v4.widget.SwipeProgressBar
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ed   public android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompatHoneycomb$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ee   public android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatEclair$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ef   public android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompatIcs$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_eg   public abstract android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuPresenter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_eh   public android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ei   public android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ek   public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_el   public com.android.vending.billing.util.Base64
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_em   android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_en   public android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_eo   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.LocationUtils
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_es   public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_et   public android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ew   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ex   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ey   android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuWrapperICS
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez   public abstract android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f0   public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f1   public android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f2   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListenerAdapter$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f3   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.ConnectivityUtils
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f5   public android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f6   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.receivers.WeatherWidgetReceiver$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f8   public android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f9   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellyBean
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fa   android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatHC
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fc   public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatHoneycombMr1$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fe   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperFactory$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fh   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.ui.MoreAppsAdapter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fi   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fj   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRadioButton$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fk   android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompatApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fm   android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fn   public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatGingerbread$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fo   public android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatIcsMr1$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fp   public com.android.vending.billing.util.Base64DecoderException$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fr   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.services.DailyForecastUpdateService
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fs   android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ft   public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fu   public abstract interface android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fv   public android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fx   public android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fz   public com.android.vending.billing.util.Purchase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g0   public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g1   public com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$3$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g2   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.SharedPreferenceUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g3   public android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g4   android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJB
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g5   public android.support.v4.widget.ListViewAutoScrollHelper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g6   public final android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g7   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatJellyBean
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g8   public android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatFroyo$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g9   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ga   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorToolbar
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb   public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gc   public android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderJellybean$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ge   android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gg   public android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gi   public com.android.vending.billing.util.Base64DecoderException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gj   public android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gk   public android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gm   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorToolbar$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_go   public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gp   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gq   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gr   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gs   android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderHoneycomb
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gt   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.ui.WeatherRemoteViewsFactory
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gu   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatIcs
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gv   public abstract android.support.v4.provider.DocumentFile
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gx   android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatL
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gy   abstract interface android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gz   public android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h0   public android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h1   public android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompat$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h2   android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderJellybean
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h3   public android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h4   public android.support.v4.app.ServiceCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h5   public com.android.vending.billing.util.IabResult
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h6   public abstract interface android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h7   abstract android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h8   android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h9   public android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h_   public com.android.vending.billing.util.Base64DecoderException$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ha   public android.support.v4.content.Loader
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hb   public android.support.v4.util.AtomicFile$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hc   public android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hd   public android.support.v4.provider.DocumentFile$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hf   android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICS
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hg   public android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hh   public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hj   public final android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hk   android.support.v7.internal.app.NavItemSelectedListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hl   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuDialogHelper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hm   public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable21$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hn   public android.support.v4.media.TransportController$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ho   android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hp   android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatIcs
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hq   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hr   public android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hs   public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatHoneycomb$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ht   android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompatKitKat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hu   public android.support.v4.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hv   public android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hw   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hx   public android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatEclair$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hy   public android.support.v4.app.NoSaveStateFrameLayout$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hz   public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i0   android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatFroyo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i1   final android.support.v4.app.BackStackState
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i2   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewUtils$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i3   public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i4   public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i5   public android.support.v4.view.WindowCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i7   public android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompatJellybeanMr1$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i8   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintImageView$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i9   public android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i_   public android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ia   public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ib   public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatICS$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ic   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContainer
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_if   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintResources$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ig   public final android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ih   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii   public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ij   public com.android.vending.billing.util.Inventory
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_im   android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseWrapper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_in   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.model.CoffeeEntry
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_io   public android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ir   public android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_is   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.CompatTextView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_it   public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iu   public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2Stub$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iw   android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ix   public abstract android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iy   android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz   public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j0   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatEclair$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j1   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j2   public android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j3   android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j5   public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j7   public abstract android.support.v4.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j8   public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j9   public android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j_   public android.support.v4.app.ServiceCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ja   public android.support.v4.app.SuperNotCalledException$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jb   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jc   public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jd   android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatGingerbread
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_je   public android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jf   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItem$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jg   public android.support.v4.widget.BakedBezierInterpolator$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jh   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ji   public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jj   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jk   public android.support.v7.view.CollapsibleActionView$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jl   public android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jm   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawableV21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jp   public android.support.v4.content.CursorLoader
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jq   public android.support.v4.util.Pair$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jr   public android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_js   public android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ju   public android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jv   public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatJellyBean$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jw   public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jx   public android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi19$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jy   public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jz   public android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k0   public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k2   public android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k3   public android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4   public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k5   public android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k6   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k7   public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k8   public android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k9   public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k_   android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICS
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ka   public android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kc   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kd   android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ke   public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kf   final android.support.v4.app.SuperNotCalledException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kg   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kh   android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatApi20
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ki   android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintDrawableWrapper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kj   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kk   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl   public android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kn   public android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kq   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kr   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ks   public abstract interface android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kt   public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ku   android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kv   public final android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kw   public android.support.v4.app.BundleUtil$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kx   android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatHoneycomb
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ky   android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatHoneycomb
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kz   public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l0   abstract android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l1   public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l2   public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l3   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l4   public android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l5   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l6   public android.support.v4.content.FileProvider
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l7   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l8   android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2Stub
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l_   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_la   public android.support.v4.provider.RawDocumentFile$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lb   public android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lc   public android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ld   public android.support.v7.appcompat.BuildConfig$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_le   public android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lf   android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatGingerbread
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lg   public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lh   public android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_li   public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutImpl$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lj   public final android.support.v4.util.Pools
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lk   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ll   public final android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lm   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ln   android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lo   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawableV21$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lp   public android.support.v4.util.DebugUtils
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lq   public android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lr   abstract android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ls   android.support.v4.provider.RawDocumentFile
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lt   android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lv   public android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lw   public android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ly   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.TemperatureUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lz   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintEditText
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m0   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.URLUtils$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m2   public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m4   android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatJB
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m5   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperICS$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m6   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuWrapper$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m8   public android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m9   public android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m_   abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ma   android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi19
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mb   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.services.AppWidgetService
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_md   public android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mf   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mg   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintTypedArray
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mh   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mi   android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mj   android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatFroyo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mk   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcsMr1$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ml   android.support.v4.app.NavUtilsJB
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mm   public android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mn   android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mo   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mp   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mq   android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mr   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ms   android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatICS
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mt   public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mu   public android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mv   public com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mw   public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mx   public android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mz   public android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatIcs$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n0   public android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n2   public android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n3   public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n4   android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatHoneycombMR2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n6   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.MoreAppsDialogFragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n7   public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n8   android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatGingerbread
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n9   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n_   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_na   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nc   public android.support.v4.util.LogWriter$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nd   public com.android.vending.billing.util.Security$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ne   public android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nf   public android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ng   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nh   public android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ni   public com.android.vending.billing.util.Inventory$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nk   public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nm   public android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nn   public android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_no   android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_np   public android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nq   public android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ns   public abstract android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nt   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nu   android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nv   public android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nw   android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ny   public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nz   public android.support.v4.app.NavUtilsJB$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o0   final android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o1   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatIcs$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o2   public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o3   public android.support.v4.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o4   public android.support.v4.view.WindowCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o6   android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o7   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o8   public android.support.v4.util.TimeUtils$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o9   android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o_   public android.support.v7.internal.transition.ActionBarTransition
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oa   public android.support.v7.internal.app.NavItemSelectedListener$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc   public android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oe   public android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_of   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseWrapper$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_og   public android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oh   public abstract android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oi   public final android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperFactory
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oj   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ok   abstract android.support.v7.app.DrawerArrowDrawable
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_om   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.services.AppWidgetService$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_on   public android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oo   android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_op   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.model.App$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oq   public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_or   public android.support.v4.app.ListFragment$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_os   public android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ot   public android.support.v7.internal.transition.ActionBarTransition$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou   public android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ov   public android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ow   android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatIceCreamSandwich
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ox   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.ui.AlphaForegroundColorSpan$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oz   public android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p0   public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p2   public android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompatKitKat$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p3   public abstract android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p4   public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p7   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintSpinner$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p8   public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p9   public android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pa   public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pb   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.LicenseDialogFragment$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pd   public android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pe   public android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pg   public android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ph   public android.support.v4.app.FragmentState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pj   public android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pk   public android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pl   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuPresenter$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pm   android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompatHoneycomb
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pn   public android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_po   public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pq   public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.BuildConfig
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ps   public android.support.v4.util.LongSparseArray$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pt   public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pu   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_px   public abstract android.support.v4.media.TransportController
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_py   android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompatKitKat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pz   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q0   public android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatGingerbread$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q1   public android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q2   public android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q3   public android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q4   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q5   public android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q6   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q7   public android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderHoneycomb$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q8   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qa   android.support.v4.provider.TreeDocumentFile
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qb   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qc   public android.support.v4.media.RatingCompatApi21$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qd   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qf   android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatGingerbread
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qg   abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qi   public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qj   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qk   android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qm   public android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qn   public android.support.v4.provider.SingleDocumentFile$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qo   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qp   public android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qq   public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatKitKat$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qs   public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qt   android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatHC
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qu   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qv   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.services.DailyForecastUpdateService$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qw   public android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qx   public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qz   android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r0   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r1   public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r2   public android.support.v4.util.CircularArray
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r4   android.support.v4.app.NoSaveStateFrameLayout
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r5   public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r6   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.AboutDialogFragment$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r7   android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r9   public android.support.v4.util.AtomicFile
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r_   public android.support.v7.app.DrawerArrowDrawable$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ra   public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi21$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rb   public com.android.vending.billing.IInAppBillingService$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rc   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.openweathermap.DailyForecastModel$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_re   public android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatICS$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rf   android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatEclairMr1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rg   public android.support.v4.widget.ListViewAutoScrollHelper$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rh   public android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatHoneycomb$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ri   public android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICS$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl   android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rm   public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rn   public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ro   public android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rq   public android.support.v4.content.pm.ActivityInfoCompat$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rr   public android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rt   public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ru   public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rw   android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatEclair
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ry   public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rz   public android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s0   public android.support.v4.content.Loader$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s1   public android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s2   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s3   public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s4   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.ui.WeatherRemoteViewsFactory$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s5   final android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerJellybeanMr1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s6   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s7   public android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s9   public android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompatKitKat$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s_   public android.support.v4.util.TimeUtils
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sa   public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sb   android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sd   android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_se   public android.support.v4.content.pm.ActivityInfoCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sg   public android.support.v4.content.CursorLoader$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sh   public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_si   public android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sj   public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatExtras
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sk   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sl   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sm   public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_so   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatJellyBean$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sp   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.URLUtils
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq   public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ss   abstract android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuWrapper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_st   android.support.v7.internal.widget.DrawableWrapper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_su   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sv   public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.TemperatureUtils
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sw   public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sx   public android.support.v7.internal.view.StandaloneActionMode
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sy   android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompatKitKat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sz   android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t0   public android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatICS
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t1   public android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t2   public abstract android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t3   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ContentFrameLayout
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t5   public android.support.v4.media.TransportPerformer$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t6   abstract android.support.v4.util.MapCollections
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t7   public com.android.vending.billing.util.Purchase$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t8   public android.support.v7.widget.WindowCallbackWrapper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t9   public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t_   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatGingerbread$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tb   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tc   public android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_td   public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_te   public abstract android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tf   public com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$2$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tg   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ti   public android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tk   public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatEclairMr1$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tl   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tm   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tn   public android.support.v7.internal.view.StandaloneActionMode$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_to   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawable
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tp   public abstract android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ts   public android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tt   android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tu   android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tv   public android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tx   public android.support.v4.util.LongSparseArray
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ty   public android.support.v7.internal.VersionUtils$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tz   public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatKitKat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u0   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u1   public android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u2   public abstract android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u3   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u4   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckBox
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u5   public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u6   public android.support.v7.internal.VersionUtils
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u7   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u8   public android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u_   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.SupportActivity$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ua   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr2$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ub   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ContentFrameLayout$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uc   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ue   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uf   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uh   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewUtils
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ui   public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uj   android.support.v4.media.RatingCompatApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uk   public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ul   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.ui.AlphaForegroundColorSpan
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_um   public android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_un   public android.support.v4.app.Fragment
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uo   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_up   public com.android.vending.billing.util.SkuDetails$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uq   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ur   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.TemperatureUnitPickerDialogFragment$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_us   public android.support.v7.internal.text.AllCapsTransformationMethod
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ut   public android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompatApi21$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uu   public abstract android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uv   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.RtlSpacingHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uw   public android.support.v4.provider.TreeDocumentFile$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uy   public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatJellybean$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uz   public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v0   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.ForecastFragment$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v1   public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatJellybean$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v2   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRadioButton
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v3   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v4   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintEditText$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v5   android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatIcs
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v6   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintSpinner
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v7   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v8   public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatKitKat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v_   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.openweathermap.DailyForecastModel
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_va   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vb   public com.android.vending.billing.util.Base64$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vc   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintDrawableWrapper$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vd   android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintResources
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ve   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vf   public android.support.v4.util.LogWriter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vg   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.utils.SupportUtils$1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vh   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vi   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListenerAdapter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vj   public android.support.v4.app.Fragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vk   public android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vl   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vm   public android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vq   public android.support.v4.app.BackStackState$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vr   public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompat$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vs   public android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt   public abstract android.support.v7.app.ActionBar
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vv   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vw   public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vx   public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vy   public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vz   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w0   public android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1   public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w2   public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatL$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w3   public android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w4   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckBox$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w6   android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w8   public android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w_   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wa   public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wb   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.openweathermap.DailyForecastJsonParser
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wc   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.SupportActivity
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wd   public android.support.v4.util.SparseArrayCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wf   public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wg   public android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wh   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.ui.MoreAppsAdapter$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wi   public com.android.vending.billing.util.Base64$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wj   public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatFroyo$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wk   public android.support.v4.view.GravityCompatJellybeanMr1$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wl   public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wm   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.utils.SupportUtils
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wn   public com.android.vending.billing.IInAppBillingService$Stub$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wo   public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatIcs$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wq   public android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ws   public android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wt   android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatIcsMr1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wu   public com.android.vending.billing.util.IabResult$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wv   public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wx   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJellybeanMr2$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wy   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x0   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x1   public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x4   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x5   android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x6   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuWrapperICS$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x7   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawable$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x9   public abstract android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x_   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xc   android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatIcs
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xd   public android.support.v4.util.LruCache$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xe   public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatApi21$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xf   public android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xg   public android.support.v4.app.NavUtils
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xh   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xi   android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xk   public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xl   public android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xm   public android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xn   public android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xo   public android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xt   android.support.v4.app.BundleUtil
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xv   public abstract interface android.support.v7.view.CollapsibleActionView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xw   android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperICS
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xx   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xy   abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xz   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y0   android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatKitKat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y1   public android.support.v4.util.SparseArrayCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y2   public android.support.v7.internal.view.ActionBarPolicy$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y4   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y6   public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y7   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuDialogHelper$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y8   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.RtlSpacingHelper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y9   public com.android.vending.billing.util.SkuDetails
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y_   android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ya   public abstract android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yb   final android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yc   public android.support.v4.util.DebugUtils$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yd   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ye   public android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yf   public android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yg   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintImageView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yh   public android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yi   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.model.CoffeeEntryFactory
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yk   android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatHoneycomb
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yl   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.DrawableWrapper$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ym   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yn   public android.support.v7.widget.WindowCallbackWrapper$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yo   public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yp   public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yr   android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ys   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$IOException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yt   public android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yu   public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yv   public com.android.vending.billing.util.IabException$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yw   public android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx   public final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yy   public android.support.v4.view.MenuCompat$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz   public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z0   public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z1   public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z2   android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatKitKat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z3   android.support.v4.util.ContainerHelpers
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z4   android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatJellybean
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z5   public android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z7   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.model.App
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z8   public android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z9   public abstract interface android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z_   public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zb   public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.SharedPreferenceUtils
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zc   public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$NullPointerException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zd   public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ze   public android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zf   android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zg   public abstract interface com.android.vending.billing.IInAppBillingService
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zh   android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatEclair
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zi   public android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatKitKat$Exception
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zk   android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatHoneycomb
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zl   public android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zn   public android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zo   public android.support.v4.util.LruCache
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zp   android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zq   android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatIcs
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zr   public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatExtras$ParseException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zs   public abstract android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zt   public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zu   public android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zv   android.support.v4.view.GravityCompatJellybeanMr1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__$w  android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l$1  android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l$e  public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Delegate
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l$g  android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$SlideDrawable
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l$l  android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l$u  abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l$v  android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplHC
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l$z  android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplJellybeanMR2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n$_  android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallbackImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n$j  public abstract android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r$d  android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$ActivityOptionsImpl21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r$l  android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$ActivityOptionsImplJB
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u$k  android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoJellyBeanMr2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u$o  android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoIcsImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u$t  android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoStubImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u$w  abstract interface android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w$s  android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$SharedElementCallback21Impl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__0$t fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.adapter.SupportAdapter$CoffeeEntryHolder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$_ android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$CallbackProxy
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$d public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$UserRouteInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$e public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$VolumeCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$g public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$SelectRouteWorkaround
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$i public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$Callback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$j public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$GetDefaultRouteWorkaround
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$m public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteCategory
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__g$1 android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__g$2 android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__g$3 android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__g$4 android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$4
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__k$s android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$KitKatPopupWindowImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__k$t android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$BasePopupWindowImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__k$w abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$PopupWindowImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__r$b public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Callback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__r$s public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$TransportControls
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__r$w android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$CallbackProxy
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a7$b android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$BaseEdgeEffectImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a7$s android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectIcsImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ad$1 final android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ad$f public final android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$Builder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ae$b public android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper$CallbackWrapper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ah$i android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$MenuAdapter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_am$v public abstract android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ao$1 final android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_as$g public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout$OnActionModeForChildListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b6$a android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$OnActionExpandListenerWrapper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b6$b abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$SupportActionExpandProxy
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b8$q public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$VisibilityListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b8$u public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$SubUiVisibilityListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_be$1 final android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_be$a public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityDelegateBridgeJellyBean
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bh$f android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$HoneycombVelocityTrackerVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bh$k android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$BaseVelocityTrackerVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bh$p abstract interface android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$VelocityTrackerVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bm$b android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImplJellybeanMr1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bm$d android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bm$q abstract interface android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bt$1 final android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_by$s public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs$MySearchView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c5$n android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$CollectionItemInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c5$w android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$AccessibilityAction
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$1 android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$_ android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplJellybean
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$a public abstract android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$d public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BigPictureStyle
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$e public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$InboxStyle
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$f android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplGingerbread
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$g public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BigTextStyle
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$h public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$i android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplKitKat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$j abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$k android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$n public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$s android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$t public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Extender
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$z public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_$1 final android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_$2 android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_$3 android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_$4 android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$4
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_$a abstract android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$WorkerRunnable
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_$d public final android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_$q android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$AsyncTaskResult
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_$u android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$InternalHandler
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$1 android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$g android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowPopup
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$k android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$PopupPresenterCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$l android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionMenuPopupCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$m android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$p android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$q android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OpenOverflowRunnable
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$r android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionButtonSubmenu
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cl$o public abstract interface android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cn$1 android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_co$1 android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_co$b android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$BroadcastRecord
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_co$j android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$ReceiverRecord
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cs$1 final android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cs$o public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$Delegate
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$1 com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$2 com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$3 com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$a public abstract interface com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnIabSetupFinishedListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$k public abstract interface com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnConsumeFinishedListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$l public abstract interface com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnConsumeMultiFinishedListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$r public abstract interface com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$QueryInventoryFinishedListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$v public abstract interface com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnIabPurchaseFinishedListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cy$1 final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cy$p public final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$Builder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d0$1 android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d0$h public final android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$Builder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d0$r android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$DirectionalityEstimator
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d1$z android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView$OvalShadow
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d4$p abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction$Transit
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$1 android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$2 android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$3 android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$4 android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$4
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$5 android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$5
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$6 android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$6
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$7 android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$7
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$8 android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$8
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$9 android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$9
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$_ public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$a public android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$b public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$n android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$AutoCompleteTextViewReflector
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$o public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d7$1 final android.support.v4.app.FragmentState$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$1 android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$2 android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$3 android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$4 android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$4
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$a final android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ActionMenuPresenterCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$b final android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelMenuPresenterCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$s android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ActionModeCallbackWrapper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$z final android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_do$1 android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_do$2 android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dx$1 android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dx$2 android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dx$3 android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dx$4 android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$4
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dx$l public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dx$w public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$LayoutParams
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e4$1 android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e4$q abstract interface android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$TrafficStatsCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e4$y android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$IcsTrafficStatsCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e4$z android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e6$1 android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e6$2 android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e6$3 android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e6$_ android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$ActivityChooserViewAdapter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e6$s android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$Callbacks
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ei$1 android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ei$f android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ei$p android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$BaseScaleGestureDetectorImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ei$z abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$ScaleGestureDetectorImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_em$n final android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez$1 android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez$f public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemLongClickListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez$g android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$SelectionNotifier
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez$i public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemSelectedListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez$s public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez$t android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$AdapterDataSetObserver
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez$v public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$AdapterContextMenuInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez$w android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListenerWrapper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f5$1 android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f5$2 android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f5$g android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$ToolbarCallbackWrapper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f5$m final android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$MenuBuilderCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f5$t final android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$ActionMenuPresenterCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f5$w final android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$PanelMenuPresenterCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fh$1 fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.ui.MoreAppsAdapter$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fh$y fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.ui.MoreAppsAdapter$ViewHolder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fm$r android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fr$1 fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.services.DailyForecastUpdateService$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fv$1 android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g6$t public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb$b public abstract android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb$g abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb$j android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb$k public abstract android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb$y android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatIcsImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ge$1 final android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gp$p public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$1 final android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$2 final android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$3 android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$a android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PagerObserver
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$b public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$c abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$f public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$i public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SimpleOnPageChangeListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$j android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$MyAccessibilityDelegate
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$m android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ViewPositionComparator
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$n android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$w abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$Decor
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$z public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$LayoutParams
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gz$1 android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h0$a abstract interface android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h0$u android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h0$w public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$SupportParentable
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h0$x android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplJellybean
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h0$z android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplHoneycomb
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h7$c android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$RecycleBin
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h7$h android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ha$p public final android.support.v4.content.Loader$ForceLoadContentObserver
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ha$v public abstract interface android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCompleteListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hq$j public abstract android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hq$k android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hq$t android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerStubImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hq$u abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hr$a android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplGingerbread
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hr$m abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hr$r android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplIcs
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hr$v android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i1$1 final android.support.v4.app.BackStackState$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i_$1 android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i_$d android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$ShareActivityChooserModelPolicy
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i_$l android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$ShareMenuItemOnMenuItemClickListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i_$n public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$OnShareTargetSelectedListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ia$k public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$BackStackEntry
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ia$q public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ig$1 android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$b public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$dimen
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$c public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$id
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$e public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$array
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$h public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$color
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$j public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$styleable
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$m public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$style
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$p public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$drawable
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$s public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$attr
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$t public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$menu
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$x public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$string
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$z public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$anim
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$1 android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$_ android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$b android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$t android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$JBMr2ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$u android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$KitKatViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$w android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$JBViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ix$1 android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ix$i android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$NotificationSideChannelStub
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iy$1 final android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iy$2 final android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iy$y abstract interface android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$UtteranceProgressListenerICSMR1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$b android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$EclairMr1ViewCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$d android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$KitKatViewCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$e abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ImportantForAccessibility
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$h abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$OverScroll
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$l android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$Api21ViewCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$m abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$AccessibilityLiveRegion
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$n android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ICSViewCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$q android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JbMr1ViewCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$s android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JBViewCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$u abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$LayerType
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$v android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$GBViewCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$x android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$BaseViewCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$y abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$LayoutDirectionMode
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j3$a public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean$Builder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j8$v android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat$CompatCreator
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jb$_ public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ju$k android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$BaseListPopupWindowImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ju$l abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$ListPopupWindowImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ju$u android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$KitKatListPopupWindowImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$1 android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$a android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$HoneycombDelegate
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$f abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$TmpDelegateProvider
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$i abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DrawerToggle
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$l android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DummyDelegate
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$n public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DelegateProvider
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$r public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Delegate
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$u android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ToolbarCompatDelegate
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$x android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DrawerArrowDrawableToggle
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kc$d public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kc$j public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kd$s public abstract android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kj$1 android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kj$2 android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kj$3 android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl$1 android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl$2 android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl$3 android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl$_ android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$ExpandedActionViewMenuPresenter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl$o android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl$u public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl$v public android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$LayoutParams
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kr$1 final android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kr$n abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerBridge
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ku$w public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21$Builder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kv$1 android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kv$a final android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperStubImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kv$v public abstract interface android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kv$x final android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kv$y abstract interface android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l0$1 android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l0$l public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$VisibilityAnimListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l4$1 android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l4$2 android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l4$f final android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$NonConfigurationInstances
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l5$1 android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l5$b android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabAdapter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l5$f android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l5$o public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$VisibilityAnimListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l5$x android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabClickListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l6$i android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$SimplePathStrategy
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l6$x abstract interface android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$PathStrategy
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lh$1 android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lh$_ android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicLocale
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lh$a android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicInternal
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lh$g android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$AnyStrong
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lh$i abstract interface android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionAlgorithm
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lh$j android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$FirstStrong
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lh$m abstract android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lj$g public abstract interface android.support.v4.util.Pools$Pool
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lj$o public android.support.v4.util.Pools$SimplePool
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lj$w public android.support.v4.util.Pools$SynchronizedPool
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ll$1 final android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lr$1 android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lr$j android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$ActionBarDrawableToggleImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lt$s public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20$Builder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$d abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$e android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$CancelTask
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$h android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$m android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$NotifyTask
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$r android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplEclair
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$t android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ServiceConnectedEvent
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$u android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$y android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplIceCreamSandwich
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m2$1 final android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m2$_ abstract interface android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Impl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m2$b android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplApi20
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m2$i android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplJellybean
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m2$l android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m2$y public final android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Builder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mi$1 final android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mq$1 final android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mq$p public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$AccessibilityDelegateBridge
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mx$1 android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mx$a abstract interface android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mx$h android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mx$l android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PageListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mx$t android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImplIcs
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_no$p public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$Callback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_no$y android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$CallbackProxy
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nu$d public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$UserRouteInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nu$x public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$RouteInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o0$1 android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o0$2 android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o0$3 android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o0$s final android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$Op
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o0$z public android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o6$h public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$ActiveScanWorkaround
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o6$o public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$Callback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o6$s android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$CallbackProxy
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o6$v public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$IsConnectingWorkaround
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o6$x public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$RouteInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o9$x final android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter$ChildViewCache
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$1 android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$2 android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$3 android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$4 android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$4
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$5 android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$5
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$6 android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$6
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$7 android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$7
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$8 android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$8
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$t public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oe$1 android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oe$a public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnMenuItemClickListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oe$x public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnDismissListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_og$h android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_og$i android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImplJbMr1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_og$z abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oo$1 android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oo$2 android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oo$3 android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oo$c android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oo$g android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$StartCurveInterpolator
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oo$l public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$ProgressDrawableSize
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oo$w android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$EndCurveInterpolator
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$1 android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$2 android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$3 android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$_ android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$DropDownListView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$b android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupTouchInterceptor
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$c android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ListSelectorHider
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$j public abstract android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$q android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupScrollListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$w android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupDataSetObserver
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p0$b android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatApi21Impl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p0$f android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatIcsImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p0$j abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p0$l android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2Impl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p0$p android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatHCImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p0$x android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatStubImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p3$c public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p8$j android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory$DefaultRoundedBitmapDrawable
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p9$1 android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p9$2 android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p9$3 android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p9$i public android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$TabImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p9$y public android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$ActionModeImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pa$d abstract interface android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$BitmapImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pa$l android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$HcMr1BitmapCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pa$m android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$JbMr2BitmapCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pa$y android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$KitKatBitmapCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pa$z android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$BaseBitmapImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pu$d android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$CollectionInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pu$k android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$RangeInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pu$p android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$CollectionItemInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q1$1 android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q6$s android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat$GateKeeperDrawable
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qu$i public abstract android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qu$z android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$ActionMenuItemForwardingListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qz$s public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat$Builder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r5$a android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateStubImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r5$k android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r5$n abstract interface android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r5$v android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r7$1 final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r7$2 final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r7$3 final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r7$4 final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$4
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r7$k public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$ViewRetriever
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r7$x public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$EpicenterView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$1 android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$2 android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$g abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SpinnerPopup
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$k android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropDownAdapter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$p android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$q android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DialogPopup
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rn$1 android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rn$g android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$MenuBuilderCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rn$h public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rn$o public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$LayoutParams
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rn$r public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$ActionMenuChildView
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rn$x android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$ActionMenuPresenterCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ro$1 android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ro$2 android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$1 android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$a android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanMr2Impl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$o public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionInfoCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$p abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$r public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityActionCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$s android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$u android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoIcsImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$z public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$RangeInfoCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rz$b abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$MotionEventVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rz$k android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$BaseMotionEventVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rz$y android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$EclairMotionEventVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s3$1 android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s3$h android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$DummyTabFactory
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s3$s final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s3$w android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s7$l android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$KitKatPopupMenuImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s7$p android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$BasePopupMenuImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s7$w abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$PopupMenuImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sb$r abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter$CursorFilterClient
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq$1 android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq$_ android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq$b abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq$r android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq$s public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sz$j public android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21$Builder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t1$f android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$EclairKeyEventVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t1$g android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$BaseKeyEventVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t1$p abstract interface android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$KeyEventVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t2$s final android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t6$b final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$MapIterator
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t6$c final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$KeySet
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t6$q final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$EntrySet
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t6$u final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$ArrayIterator
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_te$1 android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_te$h public abstract android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$Callback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tg$_ android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$OnActionExpandListenerWrapper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tg$d android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$CollapsibleActionViewWrapper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tg$u android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$ActionProviderWrapper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tg$z android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$OnMenuItemClickListenerWrapper
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tp$k android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$JellybeanMr1Impl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tp$m android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$LegacyImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tt$1 final android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tu$1 android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tu$2 android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tu$l public abstract interface android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$OnPrintFinishCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u2$1 android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u2$i android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$ChangeObserver
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u2$l android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$MyDataSetObserver
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u8$1 final android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u8$2 android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u8$_ public abstract android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$Callback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uc$k abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uc$m android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordIcsImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uc$o android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordIcsMr1Impl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uc$q android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordJellyBeanImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uc$u android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordStubImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_un$1 android.support.v4.app.Fragment$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_un$_ public android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_un$h public android.support.v4.app.Fragment$InstantiationException
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uo$1 final android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uo$m abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uq$1 fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uq$2 fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uq$3 fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uq$4 fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity$4
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uq$5 fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity$5
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v7$v android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter$MenuAdapter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v_$1 final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.openweathermap.DailyForecastModel$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vh$c android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vh$p android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vh$t abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vk$a public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$CursorToStringConverter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vk$l public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$ViewBinder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt$h public abstract android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt$l public android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt$o public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$TabListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt$p public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$NavigationMode
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt$s public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$DisplayOptions
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt$u public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt$x abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Callback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt$z public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vy$i public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$LayoutParams
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vy$m public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$OrientationMode
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vy$t public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$DividerMode
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w0$c abstract interface android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w0$k android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplHC
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w0$l android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplIcsMr1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w0$t android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$1 android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$_ android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$DisableLayerRunnable
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$a public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$LayoutParams
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$g android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$AccessibilityDelegate
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$i android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$j public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$m android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplJB
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$u android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplJBMR1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$y public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SimplePanelSlideListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w3$m android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplIcs
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w3$t abstract interface android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w3$v android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w8$j abstract interface android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w8$o android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplJellybeanMr2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wf$k android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wf$l android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$BaseMenuVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wf$m android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$HoneycombMenuVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wf$t public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wf$u abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$MenuVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wm$1 final fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.utils.SupportUtils$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wm$h public abstract interface fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.utils.SupportUtils$OnCheckSupportListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wv$b public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentReader
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wv$g android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplJB
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wv$q public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wv$t android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplICS
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wv$u abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wy$f abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wy$h android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventStubImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wy$p android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventIcsImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x5$s android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs$SingleLineAllCapsTransform
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x9$1 android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x9$w android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ClampedScroller
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x9$z android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ScrollAnimationRunnable
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xg$c android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImplJB
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xg$o abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xg$x android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xi$s public abstract android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs$1 android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs$e public final android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$HistoricalRecord
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs$k final android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$PersistHistoryAsyncTask
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs$m public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityChooserModelClient
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs$r public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$OnChooseActivityListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs$t public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivitySorter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y4$1 final android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y4$c abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y_$o android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB$ActionProviderWrapperJB
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ya$1 android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ya$n android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$ExploreByTouchNodeProvider
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yb$1 android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yb$2 android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yb$3 android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yb$4 android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$4
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yb$5 android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$5
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yb$g android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$FragmentTag
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yh$a android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$HoneycombViewConfigurationVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yh$e abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$ViewConfigurationVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yh$g android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$FroyoViewConfigurationVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yh$s android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$IcsViewConfigurationVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yh$x android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$BaseViewConfigurationVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yp$e android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$LDrawableImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yp$r android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$BaseDrawableImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yp$t abstract interface android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$DrawableImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yp$w android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$KitKatDrawableImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yp$y android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$HoneycombDrawableImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yt$1 android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yt$2 android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$1 android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$b public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$i android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$k public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControls
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$p public final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$PlaybackInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$u android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$w abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$y android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControlsApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$_ android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$c public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LayoutParams
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$d abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$e android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$f abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LockMode
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$n public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$r final android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ChildAccessibilityDelegate
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$u android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$AccessibilityDelegate
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$w android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImplApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$x public abstract android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SimpleDrawerListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z_$y public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zd$s android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager$ColorFilterLruCache
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ze$h abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ze$v android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatICSImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ze$y android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatStubImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zf$t android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21$InsetsListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zg$b public abstract com.android.vending.billing.IInAppBillingService$Stub
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zn$p android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$InflatedOnMenuItemClickListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zn$w android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$MenuState
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zp$1 final android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zp$2 final android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zp$r abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnQueryTextListenerCompatBridge
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zp$y abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnCloseListenerCompatBridge
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zt$e abstract interface android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$ConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zt$h android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$HoneycombMR2ConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zt$q android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$BaseConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zt$s android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$GingerbreadConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zt$t android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$JellyBeanConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$10        android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$10
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$11        android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$11
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$12        android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$12
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_am$v$j       android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub$Proxy
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$n$1       final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$n$b       public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Builder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$n$m       public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Extender
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$n$y       public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$WearableExtender
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$z$i       public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$m$1       final android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$p$1       android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$2$1       com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$2$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$3$1       com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$3$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$3$2       com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$3$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$z$d       android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e4$z$1       android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e4$z$p       android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$SocketTags
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb$j$1       android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb$j$2       android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$f$1       final android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h7$h$1       final android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hq$k$1       android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$_$l       android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$Starter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$b$q       android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$MyVpaListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kd$s$c       public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl$o$1       final android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kv$x$1       android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kv$x$2       android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$u$y       android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$j$r       android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$DisallowIntercept
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$j$s       android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$TriggerLongPress
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r5$k$1       android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r5$v$1       android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$p$1       android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$p$2       android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$2
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$p$3       android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$3
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s3$w$1       final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq$s$x       android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$StubApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tu$2$1       android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_un$_$1       final android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vh$c$1       android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vh$p$1       android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wf$k$1       android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wm$1$1       fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.utils.SupportUtils$1$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xi$s$p       public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$b$y       android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$StubApi21
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$e$1       android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$n$1       final android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zg$b$s       com.android.vending.billing.IInAppBillingService$Stub$Proxy
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$z$i$1     final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$z$i$r     public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$Builder
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$z$d$1     final android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l$eval_k     public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DelegateProvider
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tu$2$1$1     android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity$g    public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity$ForecastPagerAdapter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity$q    public fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity$ForecastPageTransformer
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$eval_f    public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteGroup
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$eval_g    public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$eval_l    android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$VolumeCallbackProxy
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__r$eval_f    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$PlaybackInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a7$eval_w    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$eval_e    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplHoneycomb
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$eval_i    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplApi20
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$eval_t    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplIceCreamSandwich
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$eval_v    public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$WearableExtender
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb$eval_l    android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatStubImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$eval__    public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PageTransformer
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$eval_l    public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$layout
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$eval_m    public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$bool
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$eval_u    public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$xml
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$eval_x    public final fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$integer
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$eval_k    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$eval_g    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$HCViewCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$eval_h    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ResolvedLayoutDirectionMode
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$eval_u    abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ViewCompatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$eval_z    android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$JellybeanMr2Delegate
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$eval_q    abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Impl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$eval_f    android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ResizePopupRunnable
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$eval_c    android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$eval_d    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionItemInfoCompat
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$eval_g    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoStubImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$eval_u    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoKitKatImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$eval_y    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoApi21Impl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq$eval_y    public final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t1$eval_m    android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$HoneycombKeyEventVersionImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t6$eval__    final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$ValuesCollection
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vh$eval_b    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderStubImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$eval_l    android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$DragHelperCallback
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$eval_m    android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$eval_y    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImpl
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w8$eval_z    android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wv$eval_u    android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplBase
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xi$eval_q    public abstract android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs$eval_h    final android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$DefaultSorter
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs$eval_k    public final android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityResolveInfo
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$eval_f    public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$eval_m    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$EdgeGravity
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$eval_w    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$State
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$eval_c$1  final android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq$eval_y$1  final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$eval_m$1  final android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState$1
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w8$eval_z$l  android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase$GestureHandler
fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xi$eval_q$r  public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

android.support.v4.BuildConfig   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.BuildConfig$NullPointerException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u)
===============================================================================
  eval_j   public static getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  eval_k   public static getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  h        public static capabilityToString(int)
  i        public static getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  l        public static feedbackTypeToString(int)
  q        public static getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  s        public static getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  w        public static flagToString(int)
  z        public static getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoIcsImpl   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u$o)
===============================================================================
  eval_c   public getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  eval_m   public getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  k        public getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  o        public getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  v        public getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  x        public getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoJellyBeanMr2      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u$k)
===============================================================================
  eval_m   public getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoStubImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u$t)
===============================================================================
  eval_c   public getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  eval_m   public getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  k        public getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  o        public getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  v        public getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  x        public getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoVersionImpl       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u$w)
===============================================================================
  eval_c   public abstract getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  eval_m   public abstract getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  k        public abstract getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  o        public abstract getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  v        public abstract getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  x        public abstract getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$NullPointerException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatIcs        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  eval_s   public static getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  l        public static getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  s        public static getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  w        public static getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatIcs$IOException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatJellyBeanMr2       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m)
===============================================================================
  f    public static getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatJellyBeanMr2$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l)
===============================================================================
  b        private static assumeMaterial(android.content.Context)
  e        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  e        public setDrawerIndicatorEnabled(boolean)
  eval_q   public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  eval_q   setActionBarDescription(int)
  j        public onDrawerStateChanged(int)
  m        public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  n        public isDrawerIndicatorEnabled()
  o        public onDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  q        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  r        setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  t        static access$400(android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle)
  w        public onDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  x        getThemeUpIndicator()
  y        public onDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)
  z        public syncState()

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImpl   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l$u)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)
  j    public abstract getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  o    public abstract setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplBase       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l$l)
===============================================================================
  i    public setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)
  j    public getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  o    public setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplHC (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l$v)
===============================================================================
  i    public setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)
  j    public getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  o    public setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplJellybeanMR2       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l$z)
===============================================================================
  i    public setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)
  j    public getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  o    public setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Delegate    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l$e)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract setActionBarDescription(int)
  p    public abstract getThemeUpIndicator()
  r    public abstract setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DelegateProvider    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l$eval_k)
===============================================================================
  m    public abstract getDrawerToggleDelegate()

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$SlideDrawable       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l$g)
===============================================================================
  o    public getPosition()
  p    public setOffset(float)
  q    public setPosition(float)
  draw public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__)
===============================================================================
  eval_f   public static getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  f        public static setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  m        public static setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$IOException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__$w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleJellybeanMR2 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p)
===============================================================================
  h    public static getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  o    public static setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  y    public static setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleJellybeanMR2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w)
===============================================================================
  b    public static invalidateOptionsMenu(android.app.Activity)
  e    public static finishAfterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  e    public static startActivity(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  i    public static postponeEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  i    public static startActivityForResult(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent,int,android.os.Bundle)
  j    public static setExitSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  m    public static setEnterSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  q    public static startPostponedEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  x    public static finishAffinity(android.app.Activity)
  x    private static createCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$ParseException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$SharedElementCallback21Impl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w$s)
===============================================================================
  b    public onCreateSnapshotView(android.content.Context,android.os.Parcelable)
  i    public onMapSharedElements(java.util.List,java.util.Map)
  k    public onRejectSharedElements(java.util.List)
  l    public onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot(android.view.View,android.graphics.Matrix,android.graphics.RectF)
  u    public onSharedElementStart(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  w    public onSharedElementEnd(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n)
===============================================================================
  c        public static postponeEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  eval_h   public static setEnterSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21)
  f        public static setExitSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21)
  n        public static startPostponedEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  p        public static finishAfterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  v        private static createCallback(android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$Exception        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n$j)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onCreateSnapshotView(android.content.Context,android.os.Parcelable)
  i    public abstract onMapSharedElements(java.util.List,java.util.Map)
  k    public abstract onRejectSharedElements(java.util.List)
  l    public abstract onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot(android.view.View,android.graphics.Matrix,android.graphics.RectF)
  u    public abstract onSharedElementStart(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  w    public abstract onSharedElementEnd(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallbackImpl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n$_)
===============================================================================
  onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot   public onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot(android.view.View,android.graphics.Matrix,android.graphics.RectF)
  onCreateSnapshotView             public onCreateSnapshotView(android.content.Context,android.os.Parcelable)
  onMapSharedElements              public onMapSharedElements(java.util.List,java.util.Map)
  onRejectSharedElements           public onRejectSharedElements(java.util.List)
  onSharedElementEnd               public onSharedElementEnd(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  onSharedElementStart             public onSharedElementStart(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatHoneycomb   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g)
===============================================================================
  eval_i   static dump(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  f        static invalidateOptionsMenu(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatJB  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t)
===============================================================================
  a    public static startActivityForResult(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent,int,android.os.Bundle)
  f    public static finishAffinity(android.app.Activity)
  y    public static startActivity(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatJB$Exception        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompat     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a)
===============================================================================
  m    public static isLowRamDevice(android.app.ActivityManager)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompat$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompatKitKat       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d)
===============================================================================
  w    public static isLowRamDevice(android.app.ActivityManager)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompatKitKat$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r)
===============================================================================
  e        public static makeSceneTransitionAnimation(android.app.Activity,android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  eval_f   public toBundle()
  i        public static makeCustomAnimation(android.content.Context,int,int)
  i        public static makeScaleUpAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  m        public static transient makeSceneTransitionAnimation(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.util.Pair[])
  m        public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat)
  q        public static makeThumbnailScaleUpAnimation(android.view.View,android.graphics.Bitmap,int,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$ActivityOptionsImpl21       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r$d)
===============================================================================
  eval_f   public toBundle()
  m        public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$ActivityOptionsImplJB       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r$l)
===============================================================================
  eval_f   public toBundle()
  m        public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h8)
===============================================================================
  j    public static makeSceneTransitionAnimation(android.app.Activity,android.view.View[],java.lang.String[])
  m    public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21)
  s    public static makeSceneTransitionAnimation(android.app.Activity,android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  v    public toBundle()

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ho)
===============================================================================
  c    public static makeScaleUpAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  d    public static makeCustomAnimation(android.content.Context,int,int)
  j    public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB)
  m    public toBundle()
  w    public static makeThumbnailScaleUpAnimation(android.view.View,android.graphics.Bitmap,int,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o0)
===============================================================================
  a        private mapEnteringSharedElements(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  b        private setEpicenterIn(android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState)
  b        commitInternal(boolean)
  c        public commit()
  c        public add(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  c        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  d        public getBreadCrumbShortTitleRes()
  d        private static setNameOverride(android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  d        public setTransitionStyle(int)
  d        private static remapNames(java.util.ArrayList,java.util.ArrayList,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap)
  eval_a   public replace(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  eval_h   public getTransition()
  eval_k   public commitAllowingStateLoss()
  eval_m   public replace(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_n   static access$100(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState)
  eval_p   public setBreadCrumbShortTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_p   private static captureExitingViews(java.lang.Object,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.util.ArrayList,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap)
  eval_v   public disallowAddToBackStack()
  f        public getBreadCrumbTitleRes()
  f        private configureTransitions(int,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,boolean,android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray)
  g        public getName()
  g        static access$000(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,boolean,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  g        public remove(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  g        private static getExitTransition(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  h        public setTransition(int)
  i        public popFromBackStack(boolean,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray)
  j        private prepareSharedElementTransition(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.view.View,java.lang.Object,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean,java.util.ArrayList)
  k        public getBreadCrumbShortTitle()
  k        private beginTransition(android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray,boolean)
  k        public addSharedElement(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  l        private setBackNameOverrides(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,boolean)
  l        public setBreadCrumbShortTitle(int)
  m        public show(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  n        public detach(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  n        private static getSharedElementTransition(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  o        public hide(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  o        private doAddOp(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String,int)
  p        public isEmpty()
  p        private setNameOverrides(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,boolean)
  p        private mapSharedElementsIn(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,boolean,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  p        public setBreadCrumbTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public getId()
  q        bumpBackStackNesting(int)
  q        public setCustomAnimations(int,int)
  q        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.PrintWriter,boolean)
  r        private static setNameOverrides(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.ArrayList)
  s        public getTransitionStyle()
  s        private excludeHiddenFragments(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,int,java.lang.Object)
  t        static access$300(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,int,java.lang.Object)
  t        private setLastIn(android.util.SparseArray,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  t        public calculateBackFragments(android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray)
  u        private calculateFragments(android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray)
  u        public addToBackStack(java.lang.String)
  v        static access$200(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap)
  v        public setBreadCrumbTitle(int)
  w        private callSharedElementEnd(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap)
  w        public add(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  x        public isAddToBackStackAllowed()
  x        private static getEnterTransition(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  x        private excludeHiddenFragmentsAfterEnter(android.view.View,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,int,java.lang.Object)
  x        public add(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  y        public getBreadCrumbTitle()
  y        private remapSharedElements(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  y        public attach(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  z        addOp(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$Op)
  z        private static setFirstOut(android.util.SparseArray,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  z        public setCustomAnimations(int,int,int,int)
  run      public run()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o0$1)
===============================================================================
  d    public getView()

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$2 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o0$2)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$3 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o0$3)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$IOException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$Op        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o0$s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o0$z)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BackStackState    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i1)
===============================================================================
  r                public instantiate(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.BackStackState$1  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i1$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.BackStackState$ParseException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BundleUtil        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xt)
===============================================================================
  c    public static getBundleArrayFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.BundleUtil$IOException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment
===============================================================================
  d            public setCancelable(boolean)
  e            public onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  eval_f       public onDestroyView()
  eval_k       public onDetach()
  eval_v       public setShowsDialog(boolean)
  g            public onActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  i            public onStop()
  k            public dismissAllowingStateLoss()
  n            dismissInternal(boolean)
  o            public getShowsDialog()
  p            public getDialog()
  p            public onCreateDialog(android.os.Bundle)
  q            public setStyle(int,int)
  s            public dismiss()
  s            public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  t            public getTheme()
  t            public show(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction,java.lang.String)
  v            public getLayoutInflater(android.os.Bundle)
  w            public onAttach(android.app.Activity)
  x            public show(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager,java.lang.String)
  y            public onStart()
  z            public isCancelable()
  onCancel     public onCancel(android.content.DialogInterface)
  onDismiss    public onDismiss(android.content.DialogInterface)

android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$DialogStyle        (android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$ParseException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_db)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.Fragment  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_un)
===============================================================================
  a                        public final getResources()
  a                        public registerForContextMenu(android.view.View)
  a                        public setMenuVisibility(boolean)
  a                        public setExitTransition(java.lang.Object)
  b                        performStop()
  b                        performConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  b                        final restoreViewState(android.os.Bundle)
  b                        public onContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  b                        public onViewCreated(android.view.View,android.os.Bundle)
  b                        public setSharedElementEnterTransition(java.lang.Object)
  c                        public onDestroy()
  d                        public onDestroyOptionsMenu()
  d                        public setInitialSavedState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState)
  d                        public setEnterSharedElementCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  d                        public onPrepareOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  e                        public onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  e                        performCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  e                        public setRetainInstance(boolean)
  e                        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  eval__                   public getLoaderManager()
  eval_a                   public final getTargetRequestCode()
  eval_a                   public onCreateAnimation(int,boolean,int)
  eval_b                   public final isInLayout()
  eval_bh                  performPause()
  eval_c                   public getUserVisibleHint()
  eval_d                   performStart()
  eval_e                   public final isMenuVisible()
  eval_f                   public onDestroyView()
  eval_g                   public getSharedElementReturnTransition()
  eval_h                   public getReturnTransition()
  eval_i                   instantiateChildFragmentManager()
  eval_j                   public final getTag()
  eval_j                   performSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  eval_jf                  performDestroy()
  eval_k                   public onDetach()
  eval_k                   public setAllowReturnTransitionOverlap(boolean)
  eval_l                   public onResume()
  eval_m                   initState()
  eval_m                   public setTargetFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int)
  eval_mq                  performReallyStop()
  eval_n                   public getAllowEnterTransitionOverlap()
  eval_o                   public final getFragmentManager()
  eval_p                   public getAllowReturnTransitionOverlap()
  eval_pc                  performDestroyView()
  eval_q                   public getExitTransition()
  eval_r                   public final getId()
  eval_s                   public final getChildFragmentManager()
  eval_s                   performPrepareOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  eval_t                   public getReenterTransition()
  eval_u                   public final isDetached()
  eval_v                   public getEnterTransition()
  eval_w                   public final isHidden()
  eval_x                   public final getTargetFragment()
  eval_xe                  performResume()
  eval_xw                  performLowMemory()
  eval_y                   public getSharedElementEnterTransition()
  eval_z                   public final getActivity()
  f                        public final getText(int)
  f                        public setSharedElementReturnTransition(java.lang.Object)
  g                        public final isResumed()
  g                        public static instantiate(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  g                        public onActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  g                        final setIndex(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  h                        public final getArguments()
  h                        performOptionsMenuClosed(android.view.Menu)
  i                        public onStop()
  i                        public onViewStateRestored(android.os.Bundle)
  i                        public setHasOptionsMenu(boolean)
  i                        public setReturnTransition(java.lang.Object)
  j                        public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  j                        public unregisterForContextMenu(android.view.View)
  l                        public final getParentFragment()
  l                        public setArguments(android.os.Bundle)
  l                        public final getString(int)
  m                        public final getRetainInstance()
  m                        static isSupportFragmentClass(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  m                        public setExitSharedElementCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  m                        performContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  m                        public setAllowEnterTransitionOverlap(boolean)
  n                        public final isRemoving()
  n                        public static instantiate(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  n                        performCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  n                        public final transient getString(int,java.lang.Object[])
  o                        public onInflate(android.app.Activity,android.util.AttributeSet,android.os.Bundle)
  o                        performOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  p                        public startActivity(android.content.Intent)
  q                        public final isVisible()
  q                        public setEnterTransition(java.lang.Object)
  r                        public final hasOptionsMenu()
  s                        public startActivityForResult(android.content.Intent,int)
  s                        public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  s                        public setUserVisibleHint(boolean)
  t                        performActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  t                        public onHiddenChanged(boolean)
  t                        public onActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
  u                        public getView()
  v                        public final isAdded()
  v                        public getLayoutInflater(android.os.Bundle)
  w                        public onPause()
  w                        public onAttach(android.app.Activity)
  x                        final isInBackStack()
  x                        public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu,android.view.MenuInflater)
  y                        public onStart()
  y                        findFragmentByWho(java.lang.String)
  z                        public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  z                        public onOptionsMenuClosed(android.view.Menu)
  z                        performCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu,android.view.MenuInflater)
  z                        public setReenterTransition(java.lang.Object)
  equals                   public final equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode                 public final hashCode()
  onConfigurationChanged   public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onCreateContextMenu      public onCreateContextMenu(android.view.ContextMenu,android.view.View,android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  onLowMemory              public onLowMemory()
  toString                 public toString()

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$1        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_un$1)
===============================================================================
  a    public hasView()
  f    public findViewById(int)

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$InstantiationException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_un$h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_un$_)
===============================================================================
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState$1     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_un$_$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l4)
===============================================================================
  a                                onReallyStop()
  a                                public startActivityFromFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.content.Intent,int)
  b                                protected onResumeFragments()
  c                                public supportFinishAfterTransition()
  d                                public supportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
  d                                private dumpViewHierarchy(java.lang.String,java.io.PrintWriter,android.view.View)
  f                                public supportPostponeEnterTransition()
  f                                invalidateSupportFragment(java.lang.String)
  f                                getLoaderManager(java.lang.String,boolean,boolean)
  g                                public getSupportLoaderManager()
  h                                protected onPrepareOptionsPanel(android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  i                                public onAttachFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  l                                public getSupportFragmentManager()
  n                                public onRetainCustomNonConfigurationInstance()
  o                                private static viewToString(android.view.View)
  p                                doReallyStop(boolean)
  r                                public supportStartPostponedEnterTransition()
  s                                public setExitSharedElementCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  w                                public getLastCustomNonConfigurationInstance()
  y                                public setEnterSharedElementCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  dump                             public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  onActivityResult                 protected onActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
  onBackPressed                    public onBackPressed()
  onConfigurationChanged           public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onCreate                         protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreatePanelMenu                public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  onCreateView                     public onCreateView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  onDestroy                        protected onDestroy()
  onKeyDown                        public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onLowMemory                      public onLowMemory()
  onMenuItemSelected               public onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  onNewIntent                      protected onNewIntent(android.content.Intent)
  onPanelClosed                    public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  onPause                          protected onPause()
  onPostResume                     protected onPostResume()
  onPreparePanel                   public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  onResume                         protected onResume()
  onRetainNonConfigurationInstance public final onRetainNonConfigurationInstance()
  onSaveInstanceState              protected onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  onStart                          protected onStart()
  onStop                           protected onStop()
  startActivityForResult           public startActivityForResult(android.content.Intent,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$1        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l4$1)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$2        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l4$2)
===============================================================================
  a    public hasView()
  f    public findViewById(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$Exception        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$NonConfigurationInstances        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l4$f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qg)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract hasView()
  f    public abstract findViewById(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer$NullPointerException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ia)
===============================================================================
  a    public static enableDebugLogging(boolean)
  a    public abstract getBackStackEntryAt(int)
  b    public abstract findFragmentByTag(java.lang.String)
  c    public abstract getFragments()
  e    public abstract findFragmentById(int)
  f    public abstract isDestroyed()
  f    public abstract addOnBackStackChangedListener(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener)
  i    public abstract beginTransaction()
  i    public abstract popBackStack(int,int)
  n    public abstract removeOnBackStackChangedListener(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener)
  o    public abstract executePendingTransactions()
  o    public abstract getFragment(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  p    public abstract saveFragmentInstanceState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  q    public openTransaction()
  q    public abstract popBackStack(java.lang.String,int)
  s    public abstract getBackStackEntryCount()
  s    public abstract popBackStackImmediate(java.lang.String,int)
  t    public abstract popBackStackImmediate()
  u    public abstract dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  w    public abstract popBackStack()
  x    public abstract putFragment(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  x    public abstract popBackStackImmediate(int,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$BackStackEntry    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ia$k)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract getBreadCrumbShortTitleRes()
  f    public abstract getBreadCrumbTitleRes()
  g    public abstract getName()
  k    public abstract getBreadCrumbShortTitle()
  q    public abstract getId()
  y    public abstract getBreadCrumbTitle()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$IOException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_le)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ia$q)
===============================================================================
  q    public abstract onBackStackChanged()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yb)
===============================================================================
  a            startPendingDeferredFragments()
  a            public getBackStackEntryAt(int)
  b            public dispatchDestroyView()
  b            public findFragmentByTag(java.lang.String)
  c            public getFragments()
  d            addBackStackState(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord)
  e            public dispatchActivityCreated()
  e            public allocBackStackIndex(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord)
  e            public findFragmentById(int)
  eval__       public dispatchReallyStop()
  eval__       public hideFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  eval_a       saveFragmentViewState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_g       getLayoutInflaterFactory()
  eval_i       reportBackStackChanged()
  eval_n       static makeOpenCloseAnimation(android.content.Context,float,float,float,float)
  eval_o       public dispatchResume()
  eval_p       retainNonConfig()
  eval_r       public performPendingDeferredStart(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_u       saveFragmentBasicState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_x       public dispatchStop()
  eval_y       public dispatchPause()
  eval_z       public addFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  f            public isDestroyed()
  f            public addOnBackStackChangedListener(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener)
  f            public freeBackStackIndex(int)
  f            public enqueueAction(java.lang.Runnable,boolean)
  g            public dispatchStart()
  g            moveToState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  g            public setBackStackIndex(int,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord)
  h            public dispatchDestroy()
  h            makeInactive(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  i            public beginTransaction()
  i            popBackStackState(android.os.Handler,java.lang.String,int,int)
  i            public dispatchOptionsMenuClosed(android.view.Menu)
  i            public popBackStack(int,int)
  j            static makeFadeAnimation(android.content.Context,float,float)
  j            moveToState(int,boolean)
  k            public dispatchCreate()
  l            public dispatchLowMemory()
  m            loadAnimation(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,boolean,int)
  n            private checkStateLoss()
  n            restoreAllState(android.os.Parcelable,java.util.ArrayList)
  n            moveToState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int,int,boolean)
  n            public attachActivity(android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity,android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  n            public removeOnBackStackChangedListener(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener)
  n            public dispatchPrepareOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  o            public executePendingTransactions()
  o            public getFragment(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  p            public saveFragmentInstanceState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  q            makeActive(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  q            public showFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  q            private throwException(java.lang.RuntimeException)
  q            public popBackStack(java.lang.String,int)
  r            public removeFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  r            public findFragmentByWho(java.lang.String)
  s            public getBackStackEntryCount()
  s            public dispatchOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  s            public popBackStackImmediate(java.lang.String,int)
  t            public popBackStackImmediate()
  t            public dispatchContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  t            public static transitToStyleIndex(int,boolean)
  u            saveAllState()
  u            public dispatchCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu,android.view.MenuInflater)
  u            public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  v            public detachFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  w            public popBackStack()
  w            public attachFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  x            public noteStateNotSaved()
  x            public putFragment(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  x            public popBackStackImmediate(int,int)
  x            moveToState(int,int,int,boolean)
  y            public execPendingActions()
  y            public static reverseTransit(int)
  z            public dispatchConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onCreateView public onCreateView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  toString     public toString()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$1     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yb$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$2     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yb$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$3     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yb$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$4     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yb$4)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$5     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yb$5)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$FragmentTag   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yb$g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__z)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bt)
===============================================================================
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState$1    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bt$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState$IOException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ru)
===============================================================================
  a    public restoreState(android.os.Parcelable,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  c    public setPrimaryItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  g    public abstract getItem(int)
  g    private static makeFragmentName(int,long)
  n    public instantiateItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  n    public destroyItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  s    public finishUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  t    public isViewFromObject(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  u    public getItemId(int)
  w    public startUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  x    public saveState()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter$IOException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentState     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d7)
===============================================================================
  k                public instantiate(android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentState$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d7$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ph)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x1)
===============================================================================
  a    public restoreState(android.os.Parcelable,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  b    public abstract getItem(int)
  c    public setPrimaryItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  n    public instantiateItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  n    public destroyItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  s    public finishUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  t    public isViewFromObject(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  w    public startUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  x    public saveState()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s3)
===============================================================================
  d                        private doTabChanged(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction)
  g                        private initFragmentTabHost(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  h                        public setup(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager,int)
  o                        public setup(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager)
  s                        private ensureHierarchy(android.content.Context)
  y                        private ensureContent()
  z                        public addTab(android.widget.TabHost$TabSpec,java.lang.Class,android.os.Bundle)
  onAttachedToWindow       protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow     protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onRestoreInstanceState   protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState      protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onTabChanged             public onTabChanged(java.lang.String)
  setOnTabChangedListener  public setOnTabChangedListener(android.widget.TabHost$OnTabChangeListener)
  setup                    public setup()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s3$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$DummyTabFactory   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s3$h)
===============================================================================
  createTabContent public createTabContent(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$IOException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s3$w)
===============================================================================
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s3$w$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$Exception      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s3$s)
===============================================================================
  g    static access$300(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)
  l    static access$400(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)
  q    static access$100(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)
  u    static access$102(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  v    static access$200(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d4)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract commit()
  c        public abstract add(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  d        public abstract setTransitionStyle(int)
  eval_a   public abstract replace(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  eval_k   public abstract commitAllowingStateLoss()
  eval_m   public abstract replace(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_p   public abstract setBreadCrumbShortTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_v   public abstract disallowAddToBackStack()
  g        public abstract remove(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  h        public abstract setTransition(int)
  k        public abstract addSharedElement(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  l        public abstract setBreadCrumbShortTitle(int)
  m        public abstract show(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  n        public abstract detach(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  o        public abstract hide(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  p        public abstract isEmpty()
  p        public abstract setBreadCrumbTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public abstract setCustomAnimations(int,int)
  u        public abstract addToBackStack(java.lang.String)
  v        public abstract setBreadCrumbTitle(int)
  w        public abstract add(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  x        public abstract isAddToBackStackAllowed()
  x        public abstract add(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  y        public abstract attach(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  z        public abstract setCustomAnimations(int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction$Transit       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d4$p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r7)
===============================================================================
  b    public static cloneTransition(java.lang.Object)
  c    public static addTransitionTargets(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$ViewRetriever,android.view.View,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$EpicenterView,java.util.Map,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.Map,java.util.ArrayList)
  d    public static excludeTarget(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,boolean)
  f    private static getBoundsOnScreen(android.view.View)
  j    public static removeTargets(java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList)
  k    public static cleanupTransitions(android.view.View,android.view.View,java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList,java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList,java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList,java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.Map)
  o    public static beginDelayedTransition(android.view.ViewGroup,java.lang.Object)
  p    public static setEpicenter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  p    public static captureExitingViews(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.Map)
  q    public static addTargets(java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList)
  s    static access$100(android.view.View)
  t    private static setSharedElementEpicenter(android.transition.Transition,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$EpicenterView)
  t    public static mergeTransitions(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,boolean)
  t    public static findNamedViews(java.util.Map,android.view.View)
  x    private static captureTransitioningViews(java.util.ArrayList,android.view.View)
  z    public static getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  z    static access$000(java.util.ArrayList,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r7$1)
===============================================================================
  onGetEpicenter   public onGetEpicenter(android.transition.Transition)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$2      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r7$2)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$3      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r7$3)
===============================================================================
  onGetEpicenter   public onGetEpicenter(android.transition.Transition)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$4      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r7$4)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$EpicenterView  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r7$x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$Exception      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_go)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$ViewRetriever  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r7$k)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract getView()

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_am)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  p    public abstract cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  z    public abstract cancelAll(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_am$v)
===============================================================================
  a            public abstract notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  h            public static asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
  p            public abstract cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  z            public abstract cancelAll(java.lang.String)
  asBinder     public asBinder()
  onTransact   public onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub$Proxy       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_am$v$j)
===============================================================================
  a        public notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  p        public cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  r        public getInterfaceDescriptor()
  z        public cancelAll(java.lang.String)
  asBinder public asBinder()

android.support.v4.app.ListFragment
===============================================================================
  b        public onViewCreated(android.view.View,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_a2  public getSelectedItemId()
  eval_cs  private ensureList()
  eval_f   public onDestroyView()
  eval_k0  public getListView()
  eval_wr  public getListAdapter()
  f        public setListShownNoAnimation(boolean)
  h        private setListShown(boolean,boolean)
  o        public getSelectedItemPosition()
  p        public setEmptyText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public setListAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  y        public setListShown(boolean)
  y        public setSelection(int)
  z        public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  z        public onListItemClick(android.widget.ListView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v4.app.ListFragment$1
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.ListFragment$2
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v4.app.ListFragment$NullPointerException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_or)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p3)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract getLoader(int)
  c    public abstract destroyLoader(int)
  f    public abstract initLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  k    public abstract dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  m    public abstract restartLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  o    public static enableDebugLogging(boolean)
  q    public hasRunningLoaders()

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p3$c)
===============================================================================
  l    public abstract onLoadFinished(android.support.v4.content.Loader,java.lang.Object)
  u    public abstract onCreateLoader(int,android.os.Bundle)
  w    public abstract onLoaderReset(android.support.v4.content.Loader)

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_em)
===============================================================================
  a        public getLoader(int)
  b        installLoader(android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderInfo)
  c        public destroyLoader(int)
  d        updateActivity(android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity)
  eval_l   doReportNextStart()
  f        public initLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  i        doReportStart()
  k        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  l        private createAndInstallLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  m        public restartLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  n        doStart()
  q        public hasRunningLoaders()
  s        doDestroy()
  t        finishRetain()
  u        doStop()
  v        doRetain()
  z        private createLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderInfo      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_em$n)
===============================================================================
  h        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  k        public onLoadComplete(android.support.v4.content.Loader,java.lang.Object)
  l        finishRetain()
  m        reportStart()
  o        start()
  q        destroy()
  t        stop()
  u        retain()
  u        callOnLoadFinished(android.support.v4.content.Loader,java.lang.Object)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$NullPointerException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_eh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xg)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getParentActivityIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName)
  e        public static getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
  eval_k   public static getParentActivityName(android.app.Activity)
  g        public static shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  k        public static getParentActivityName(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName)
  t        public static navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  t        public static getParentActivityIntent(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
  u        public static navigateUpFromSameTask(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImpl     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xg$o)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract getParentActivityName(android.content.Context,android.content.pm.ActivityInfo)
  d    public abstract shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  k    public abstract getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
  s    public abstract navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImplBase (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xg$x)
===============================================================================
  a    public getParentActivityName(android.content.Context,android.content.pm.ActivityInfo)
  d    public shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  k    public getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
  s    public navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImplJB   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xg$c)
===============================================================================
  a    public getParentActivityName(android.content.Context,android.content.pm.ActivityInfo)
  d    public shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  e    superGetParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
  k    public getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
  s    public navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtilsJB        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ml)
===============================================================================
  eval_v   public static navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  q        public static getParentActivityName(android.content.pm.ActivityInfo)
  w        public static getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
  x        public static shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtilsJB$IOException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NoSaveStateFrameLayout    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r4)
===============================================================================
  z                            static wrap(android.view.View)
  dispatchRestoreInstanceState protected dispatchRestoreInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)
  dispatchSaveInstanceState    protected dispatchSaveInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)

android.support.v4.app.NoSaveStateFrameLayout$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bu)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions$IOException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xy)
===============================================================================
  l    public abstract getBuilder()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7)
===============================================================================
  b        public static getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  d        public static getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  eval_i   private static addActionsToBuilder(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions,java.util.ArrayList)
  eval_k   public static isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  f        static access$200()
  f        static access$000(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions,java.util.ArrayList)
  j        public static getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  m        public static getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  m        private static getNotificationArrayFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  s        public static getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  s        static access$500(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  t        static access$100(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style)
  u        public static getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  u        private static addStyleToBuilderJellybean(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style)
  v        public static getSortKey(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$n)
===============================================================================
  a    protected getActionIntent()
  k    protected getTitle()
  n    public getExtras()
  o    static access$300(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action)
  p    protected getIcon()
  t    public getRemoteInputs()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$1       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$n$1)
===============================================================================
  a    public build(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[])
  e    public newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Builder (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$n$b)
===============================================================================
  h    public addRemoteInput(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput)
  n    public build()
  v    public getExtras()
  w    public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Extender)
  x    public addExtras(android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Extender        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$n$m)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Builder)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$WearableExtender        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$n$y)
===============================================================================
  clone    public clone()
  d        public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Builder)
  e        public getCancelLabel()
  e        public setConfirmLabel(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_p   public getInProgressLabel()
  h        public getConfirmLabel()
  h        public setCancelLabel(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public isAvailableOffline()
  k        private setFlag(int,boolean)
  n        public setInProgressLabel(java.lang.CharSequence)
  x        public setAvailableOffline(boolean)
  clone    public volatile clone()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BigPictureStyle        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$d)
===============================================================================
  b    public setBigContentTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  c    public bigLargeIcon(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  h    public setSummaryText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j    public bigPicture(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BigTextStyle   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$g)
===============================================================================
  eval__   public bigText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  f        public setBigContentTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  g        public setSummaryText(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$h)
===============================================================================
  c        public setLocalOnly(boolean)
  c        public setColor(int)
  d        public setSound(android.net.Uri,int)
  e        public build()
  e        public setStyle(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style)
  e        public setLights(int,int,int)
  eval_b   public setGroupSummary(boolean)
  eval_e   public setOnlyAlertOnce(boolean)
  eval_h   public setDefaults(int)
  eval_v   public addPerson(java.lang.String)
  f        public setNumber(int)
  f        public setSortKey(java.lang.String)
  g        public setProgress(int,int,boolean)
  g        public setContentText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public addExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  i        protected static limitCharSequenceLength(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public getExtras()
  k        public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Extender)
  k        public setOngoing(boolean)
  k        public setContentInfo(java.lang.CharSequence)
  l        public getNotification()
  l        public setSound(android.net.Uri)
  l        public setTicker(java.lang.CharSequence)
  l        public setCategory(java.lang.String)
  m        public setContent(android.widget.RemoteViews)
  n        public setFullScreenIntent(android.app.PendingIntent,boolean)
  n        public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action)
  n        public setSmallIcon(int,int)
  n        public setContentTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  s        public setShowWhen(boolean)
  s        public setSmallIcon(int)
  s        public setSubText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public setVibrate(long[])
  t        public setContentIntent(android.app.PendingIntent)
  u        public setPublicVersion(android.app.Notification)
  v        public setPriority(int)
  v        private setFlag(int,boolean)
  w        public setDeleteIntent(android.app.PendingIntent)
  w        public setVisibility(int)
  w        public setGroup(java.lang.String)
  w        public setWhen(long)
  x        public setLargeIcon(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  x        public setTicker(java.lang.CharSequence,android.widget.RemoteViews)
  y        public setAutoCancel(boolean)
  z        public setUsesChronometer(boolean)
  z        public addAction(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$z)
===============================================================================
  eval_a   public getColor()
  eval_x   public getUnreadConversation()
  l        public setLargeIcon(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  m        public setUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation)
  o        public getLargeIcon()
  s        public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  u        public setColor(int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$IOException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$z$i)
===============================================================================
  c        getReplyPendingIntent()
  eval_q   getLatestTimestamp()
  n        getRemoteInput()
  t        getParticipants()
  w        getMessages()
  x        getReadPendingIntent()
  z        getParticipant()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$1       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$z$i$1)
===============================================================================
  g    public build(java.lang.String[],android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent,java.lang.String[],long)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$Builder (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$z$i$r)
===============================================================================
  k    public setReplyAction(android.app.PendingIntent,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput)
  q    public build()
  t    public setLatestTimestamp(long)
  w    public addMessage(java.lang.String)
  z    public setReadPendingIntent(android.app.PendingIntent)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$ParseException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Extender       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$t)
===============================================================================
  s    public abstract extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$InboxStyle     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$e)
===============================================================================
  a    public setSummaryText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  d    public setBigContentTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  f    public addLine(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImpl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$j)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  c        public abstract build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  d        public abstract getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action[])
  e        public abstract getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  e        public abstract getUnreadConversationFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  eval_u   public abstract getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  eval_v   public abstract getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  i        public abstract getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  n        public abstract getBundleForUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation)
  o        public abstract getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
  q        public abstract getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  s        public abstract getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  w        public abstract isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplApi20    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$eval_i)
===============================================================================
  a        public getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  c        public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  d        public getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action[])
  eval_v   public getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  o        public getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
  q        public getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  s        public getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  w        public isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplApi21    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$s)
===============================================================================
  c        public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  e        public getUnreadConversationFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  eval_u   public getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  n        public getBundleForUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplBase     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$k)
===============================================================================
  a        public getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  c        public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  d        public getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action[])
  e        public getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  e        public getUnreadConversationFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  eval_u   public getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  eval_v   public getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  i        public getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  n        public getBundleForUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation)
  o        public getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
  q        public getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  s        public getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  w        public isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplGingerbread      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$f)
===============================================================================
  c    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplHoneycomb        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$eval_e)
===============================================================================
  c    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplIceCreamSandwich (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$eval_t)
===============================================================================
  c    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplJellybean        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$_)
===============================================================================
  a        public getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  c        public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  d        public getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action[])
  e        public getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  eval_v   public getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  i        public getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  o        public getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
  q        public getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  s        public getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  w        public isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplKitKat   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$i)
===============================================================================
  a        public getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  c        public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  e        public getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  eval_v   public getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  i        public getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  q        public getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  s        public getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  w        public isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$a)
===============================================================================
  d        public setBuilder(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  eval_g   public build()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$WearableExtender       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c7$eval_v)
===============================================================================
  b        public getContentAction()
  b        public setHintShowBackgroundOnly(boolean)
  c        public getContentIcon()
  clone    public clone()
  eval_d   public getBackground()
  eval_j   public getContentIconGravity()
  eval_r   public getContentIntentAvailableOffline()
  eval_u   public getCustomContentHeight()
  f        public getStartScrollBottom()
  g        public getHintShowBackgroundOnly()
  h        public getActions()
  i        public getCustomSizePreset()
  i        public addPage(android.app.Notification)
  i        public addActions(java.util.List)
  j        public getPages()
  m        public getDisplayIntent()
  o        public setCustomContentHeight(int)
  p        public clearPages()
  p        public setContentIcon(int)
  q        public getHintHideIcon()
  q        public setContentIntentAvailableOffline(boolean)
  r        public setDisplayIntent(android.app.PendingIntent)
  r        public setStartScrollBottom(boolean)
  s        public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  s        private setFlag(int,boolean)
  t        public clearActions()
  t        public addPages(java.util.List)
  u        public getGravity()
  u        public setContentAction(int)
  x        public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action)
  x        public setContentIconGravity(int)
  y        public setCustomSizePreset(int)
  z        public setBackground(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  z        public setHintHideIcon(boolean)
  z        public setGravity(int)
  clone    public volatile clone()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lt)
===============================================================================
  c    public static getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  e    private static getActionFromActionCompat(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  f    public static getAction(android.app.Notification,int,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  o    public static isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  p    public static getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  r    public static getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  u    public static getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  v    private static getActionCompatFromAction(android.app.Notification$Action,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  w    public static addAction(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  z    public static getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action[])

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20$Builder   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lt$s)
===============================================================================
  a    public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  g    public build()
  l    public getBuilder()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ku)
===============================================================================
  a    private static fromCompatRemoteInput(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput)
  g    static getUnreadConversationFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  l    public static getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  s    static getBundleForUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation)
  w    private static toCompatRemoteInput(android.app.RemoteInput,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21$Builder   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ku$w)
===============================================================================
  a    public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  e    public build()
  l    public getBuilder()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xi$s)
===============================================================================
  a    protected abstract getActionIntent()
  k    protected abstract getTitle()
  n    protected abstract getExtras()
  p    protected abstract getIcon()
  t    protected abstract getRemoteInputs()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xi$s$p)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract build(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[])
  e    public abstract newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xi$eval_q)
===============================================================================
  c        abstract getReplyPendingIntent()
  eval_q   abstract getLatestTimestamp()
  n        abstract getRemoteInput()
  t        abstract getParticipants()
  w        abstract getMessages()
  x        abstract getReadPendingIntent()
  z        abstract getParticipant()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Exception       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xi$eval_q$r)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract build(java.lang.String[],android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent,java.lang.String[],long)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatExtras  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatExtras$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatGingerbread     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lf)
===============================================================================
  m    public static add(android.app.Notification,android.content.Context,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatGingerbread$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatHoneycomb       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zk)
===============================================================================
  m    static add(android.content.Context,android.app.Notification,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,android.widget.RemoteViews,int,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent,android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nw)
===============================================================================
  e    static add(android.content.Context,android.app.Notification,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,android.widget.RemoteViews,int,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent,android.graphics.Bitmap,int,int,boolean)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich$ParseException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j3)
===============================================================================
  a        public static isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  c        public static addInboxStyle(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,java.lang.CharSequence,java.util.ArrayList)
  c        private static getBundleForAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  c        public static getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action[])
  eval_l   public static addBigTextStyle(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_y   public static getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  f        public static getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  g        public static getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  m        private static getActionObjectsLocked(android.app.Notification)
  n        public static getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  p        private static ensureActionReflectionReadyLocked()
  r        private static getActionFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  s        public static getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  t        public static getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  u        public static buildActionExtrasMap(java.util.List)
  w        public static writeActionAndGetExtras(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  w        public static getAction(android.app.Notification,int,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  x        public static readAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory,int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent,android.os.Bundle)
  z        public static addBigPictureStyle(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,java.lang.CharSequence,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean$Builder       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j3$a)
===============================================================================
  a    public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  g    public build()
  l    public getBuilder()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qz)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  b    public static getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  j    public static getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  k    public static getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  k    public static getAction(android.app.Notification,int,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  p    public static getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  r    public static isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat$Builder  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qz$s)
===============================================================================
  a    public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  l    public getBuilder()
  r    public build()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ix)
===============================================================================
  b        static access$100(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService,int,java.lang.String)
  e        private checkPermission(int,java.lang.String)
  i        public abstract notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  r        public abstract cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  z        public abstract cancelAll(java.lang.String)
  onBind   public onBind(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$1    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ix$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$Exception    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$NotificationSideChannelStub  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ix$i)
===============================================================================
  a    public notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  p    public cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  z    public cancelAll(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu)
===============================================================================
  b    private pushSideChannelQueue(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task)
  b    public notify(java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)
  f    public static from(android.content.Context)
  k    static access$000()
  l    public notify(int,android.app.Notification)
  o    public static getEnabledListenerPackages(android.content.Context)
  o    public cancel(java.lang.String,int)
  t    private static useSideChannelForNotification(android.app.Notification)
  w    public cancel(int)
  z    public cancelAll()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$CancelTask      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$e)
===============================================================================
  i        public send(android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ve)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Impl    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$eval_q)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract postNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)
  n    public abstract getSideChannelBindFlags()
  p    public abstract cancelNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplBase        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$h)
===============================================================================
  b    public postNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)
  n    public getSideChannelBindFlags()
  p    public cancelNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplEclair      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$r)
===============================================================================
  b    public postNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)
  p    public cancelNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplIceCreamSandwich    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$y)
===============================================================================
  n    public getSideChannelBindFlags()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$NotifyTask      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$m)
===============================================================================
  i        public send(android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ServiceConnectedEvent   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$u)
===============================================================================
  d                        private handleQueueTask(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task)
  e                        private updateListenerMap()
  g                        private processListenerQueue(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord)
  j                        private ensureServiceBound(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord)
  l                        private handleRetryListenerQueue(android.content.ComponentName)
  m                        private ensureServiceUnbound(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord)
  o                        public queueTask(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task)
  u                        private handleServiceConnected(android.content.ComponentName,android.os.IBinder)
  w                        private scheduleListenerRetry(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord)
  z                        private handleServiceDisconnected(android.content.ComponentName)
  handleMessage            public handleMessage(android.os.Message)
  onServiceConnected       public onServiceConnected(android.content.ComponentName,android.os.IBinder)
  onServiceDisconnected    public onServiceDisconnected(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$u$y)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ParseException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lu$d)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract send(android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatEclair   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cg)
===============================================================================
  k    public static postNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)
  z    static cancelNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatEclair$Exception (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatIceCreamSandwich (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ow)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatIceCreamSandwich$Exception       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m2)
===============================================================================
  a        public getLabel()
  c        public static getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  c        public static addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_p   public getChoices()
  i        public getExtras()
  y        public getResultKey()
  z        public getAllowFreeFormInput()

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$1     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m2$1)
===============================================================================
  f    public build(java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence[],boolean,android.os.Bundle)
  t    public newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Builder       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m2$y)
===============================================================================
  d    public build()
  f    public getExtras()
  f    public setChoices(java.lang.CharSequence[])
  m    public setAllowFreeFormInput(boolean)
  n    public addExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  o    public setLabel(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Exception     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Impl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m2$_)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  p    public abstract getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplApi20     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m2$b)
===============================================================================
  d    public addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  p    public getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplBase      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m2$l)
===============================================================================
  d    public addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  p    public getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplJellybean (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m2$i)
===============================================================================
  d    public addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  p    public getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatApi20    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kh)
===============================================================================
  b    static fromCompat(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[])
  f    static getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  t    static addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  w    static toCompat(android.app.RemoteInput[],android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatApi20$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kd$s)
===============================================================================
  a        protected abstract getLabel()
  eval_p   protected abstract getChoices()
  i        protected abstract getExtras()
  y        protected abstract getResultKey()
  z        protected abstract getAllowFreeFormInput()

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kd$s$c)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract build(java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence[],boolean,android.os.Bundle)
  t    public abstract newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatJellybean        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b3)
===============================================================================
  c    static getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  e    static addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  h    static fromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  s    static toBundleArray(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[])
  x    static fromBundleArray(android.os.Bundle[],android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  y    static toBundle(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatJellybean$Exception      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ServiceCompat     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ServiceCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wv)
===============================================================================
  b    public static getCallingActivity(android.app.Activity)
  d    public static configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)
  m    static access$000()
  u    public static configureMenuItem(android.view.Menu,int,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)
  x    public static getCallingPackage(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$Exception     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wv$q)
===============================================================================
  a    public setChooserTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  b    private combineArrayExtra(java.lang.String,java.lang.String[])
  d    public setHtmlText(java.lang.String)
  e    getActivity()
  e    public setSubject(java.lang.String)
  e    public addEmailTo(java.lang.String[])
  f    public setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  g    public static from(android.app.Activity)
  g    public addEmailCc(java.lang.String)
  h    public setEmailBcc(java.lang.String[])
  j    public createChooserIntent()
  l    public getIntent()
  p    public addEmailCc(java.lang.String[])
  q    public setEmailTo(java.lang.String[])
  r    public setChooserTitle(int)
  r    public addEmailBcc(java.lang.String)
  r    public setEmailCc(java.lang.String[])
  s    public addStream(android.net.Uri)
  u    public startChooser()
  u    public addEmailTo(java.lang.String)
  w    public setType(java.lang.String)
  w    private combineArrayExtra(java.lang.String,java.util.ArrayList)
  z    public setStream(android.net.Uri)
  z    public addEmailBcc(java.lang.String[])

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentReader  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wv$b)
===============================================================================
  a        public getStreamCount()
  b        public getCallingActivity()
  d        public static from(android.app.Activity)
  e        public getText()
  eval_a   public getEmailCc()
  eval_g   public getCallingApplicationLabel()
  eval_l   public getCallingPackage()
  eval_o   public getCallingActivityIcon()
  eval_u   public getCallingApplicationIcon()
  g        public getStream()
  h        public isSingleShare()
  h        public getStream(int)
  l        public isShareIntent()
  m        public getType()
  q        public getSubject()
  r        public getEmailTo()
  t        public getEmailBcc()
  w        public getHtmlText()
  x        public isMultipleShare()

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImpl       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wv$u)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract escapeHtml(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y    public abstract configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplBase   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wv$eval_u)
===============================================================================
  k    public escapeHtml(java.lang.CharSequence)
  n    private static withinStyle(java.lang.StringBuilder,java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)
  y    public configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplICS    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wv$t)
===============================================================================
  l    shouldAddChooserIntent(android.view.MenuItem)
  y    public configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplJB     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wv$g)
===============================================================================
  k    public escapeHtml(java.lang.CharSequence)
  l    shouldAddChooserIntent(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatICS    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a6)
===============================================================================
  o    public static configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatICS$ParseException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ib)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatJB     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m4)
===============================================================================
  c    public static escapeHtml(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ns)
===============================================================================
  d        public onRejectSharedElements(java.util.List)
  eval_b   public onSharedElementStart(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  k        public onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot(android.view.View,android.graphics.Matrix,android.graphics.RectF)
  l        public onSharedElementEnd(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  r        public onMapSharedElements(java.util.List,java.util.Map)
  y        public onCreateSnapshotView(android.content.Context,android.os.Parcelable)

android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ts)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.SuperNotCalledException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.SuperNotCalledException$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ja)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h0)
===============================================================================
  a        public getIntents()
  b        public getPendingIntent(int,int)
  e        public getPendingIntent(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_h   public addParentStack(android.app.Activity)
  f        public addNextIntentWithParentStack(android.content.Intent)
  h        public addParentStack(java.lang.Class)
  j        public getIntentCount()
  l        public editIntentAt(int)
  m        public addNextIntent(android.content.Intent)
  m        public getIntent(int)
  o        public static from(android.content.Context)
  r        public startActivities(android.os.Bundle)
  s        public addParentStack(android.content.ComponentName)
  s        public static create(android.content.Context)
  u        public startActivities()
  iterator public iterator()

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$Exception        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ka)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$SupportParentable        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h0$w)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract getSupportParentActivityIntent()

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImpl     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h0$a)
===============================================================================
  v    public abstract getPendingIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplBase (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h0$u)
===============================================================================
  v    public getPendingIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplHoneycomb    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h0$z)
===============================================================================
  v    public getPendingIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplJellybean    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h0$x)
===============================================================================
  v    public getPendingIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderHoneycomb (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gs)
===============================================================================
  j    public static getActivitiesPendingIntent(android.content.Context,int,android.content.Intent[],int)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderHoneycomb$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderJellybean (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h2)
===============================================================================
  s    public static getActivitiesPendingIntent(android.content.Context,int,android.content.Intent[],int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderJellybean$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t2)
===============================================================================
  d    dispatchOnLoadComplete(android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask,java.lang.Object)
  d    public setUpdateThrottle(long)
  j    protected onForceLoad()
  k    public cancelLoad()
  n    dispatchOnCancelled(android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask,java.lang.Object)
  p    executePendingTask()
  q    public onCanceled(java.lang.Object)
  s    protected onLoadInBackground()
  t    public waitForLoader()
  y    public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  z    public abstract loadInBackground()

android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t2$s)
===============================================================================
  a    protected transient doInBackground(java.lang.Void[])
  f    protected onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
  i    static access$000(android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask)
  t    protected onCancelled()
  z    protected volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompat (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kz)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public final getNoBackupFilesDir(android.content.Context)
  k        public static getExternalFilesDirs(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  o        public static getExternalCacheDirs(android.content.Context)
  p        private static synchronized createFilesDir(java.io.File)
  q        public static startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[])
  q        public static startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],android.os.Bundle)
  s        public final getCodeCacheDir(android.content.Context)
  v        private static transient buildPath(java.io.File,java.lang.String[])
  z        public static getObbDirs(android.content.Context)
  z        public static final getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompat$NullPointerException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi21    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qk)
===============================================================================
  g    public static getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)
  w    public static getNoBackupFilesDir(android.content.Context)
  x    public static getCodeCacheDir(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi21$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ra)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatFroyo    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mj)
===============================================================================
  d    public static getExternalCacheDir(android.content.Context)
  r    public static getExternalFilesDir(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatFroyo$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatHoneycomb        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dq)
===============================================================================
  d        static startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[])
  eval_u   public static getObbDir(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatHoneycomb$Exception      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatJellybean        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z4)
===============================================================================
  g    public static startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatJellybean$Exception      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatKitKat   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y0)
===============================================================================
  e    public static getExternalFilesDirs(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  l    public static getExternalCacheDirs(android.content.Context)
  y    public static getObbDirs(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ry)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.CursorLoader  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jp)
===============================================================================
  c        public deliverResult(android.database.Cursor)
  eval_f   protected onReset()
  eval_i   public getUri()
  eval_l   public getSelectionArgs()
  eval_r   public getSelection()
  eval_x   public getSortOrder()
  eval_y   public getProjection()
  f        public setSelection(java.lang.String)
  h        public setProjection(java.lang.String[])
  q        public volatile onCanceled(java.lang.Object)
  r        protected onStopLoading()
  r        public setUri(android.net.Uri)
  t        public setSortOrder(java.lang.String)
  w        public volatile deliverResult(java.lang.Object)
  x        protected onStartLoading()
  x        public onCanceled(android.database.Cursor)
  x        public setSelectionArgs(java.lang.String[])
  y        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  z        public loadInBackground()

android.support.v4.content.CursorLoader$Exception        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.FileProvider  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l6)
===============================================================================
  c            private static modeToMode(java.lang.String)
  d            private static transient buildPath(java.io.File,java.lang.String[])
  j            private static getPathStrategy(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  o            private static copyOf(java.lang.Object[],int)
  u            private static parsePathStrategy(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  v            private static copyOf(java.lang.String[],int)
  z            public static getUriForFile(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,java.io.File)
  attachInfo   public attachInfo(android.content.Context,android.content.pm.ProviderInfo)
  delete       public delete(android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,java.lang.String[])
  getType      public getType(android.net.Uri)
  insert       public insert(android.net.Uri,android.content.ContentValues)
  onCreate     public onCreate()
  openFile     public openFile(android.net.Uri,java.lang.String)
  query        public query(android.net.Uri,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String)
  update       public update(android.net.Uri,android.content.ContentValues,java.lang.String,java.lang.String[])

android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$Exception        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$PathStrategy     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l6$x)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract getUriForFile(java.io.File)
  x    public abstract getFileForUri(android.net.Uri)

android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$SimplePathStrategy       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l6$i)
===============================================================================
  f    public getUriForFile(java.io.File)
  w    public addRoot(java.lang.String,java.io.File)
  x    public getFileForUri(android.net.Uri)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w0)
===============================================================================
  b    public static makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  g    public static makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)
  k    public static makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$Exception        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_os)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImpl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w0$c)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  i    public abstract makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)
  k    public abstract makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplBase     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w0$t)
===============================================================================
  d    public makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  i    public makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)
  k    public makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplHC       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w0$k)
===============================================================================
  i    public makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)
  k    public makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplIcsMr1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w0$l)
===============================================================================
  d    public makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatHoneycomb (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ky)
===============================================================================
  a    public static makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)
  c    public static makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatHoneycomb$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatIcsMr1    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wt)
===============================================================================
  m    public static makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatIcsMr1$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.Loader        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ha)
===============================================================================
  a        public reset()
  a        public dataToString(java.lang.Object)
  b        public commitContentChanged()
  e        public isAbandoned()
  eval__   public isStarted()
  eval_a   protected onAbandon()
  eval_f   protected onReset()
  eval_h   public getId()
  eval_o   public onContentChanged()
  eval_p   public abandon()
  i        public stopLoading()
  j        protected onForceLoad()
  k        public registerListener(int,android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCompleteListener)
  l        public takeContentChanged()
  n        public getContext()
  o        public forceLoad()
  q        public isReset()
  r        protected onStopLoading()
  s        public unregisterListener(android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCompleteListener)
  u        public rollbackContentChanged()
  v        public final startLoading()
  w        public deliverResult(java.lang.Object)
  x        protected onStartLoading()
  y        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.content.Loader$ForceLoadContentObserver       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ha$p)
===============================================================================
  deliverSelfNotifications public deliverSelfNotifications()
  onChange                 public onChange(boolean)

android.support.v4.content.Loader$IOException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCompleteListener (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ha$v)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract onLoadComplete(android.support.v4.content.Loader,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_co)
===============================================================================
  a    public registerReceiver(android.content.BroadcastReceiver,android.content.IntentFilter)
  d    public unregisterReceiver(android.content.BroadcastReceiver)
  k    public sendBroadcast(android.content.Intent)
  n    public static getInstance(android.content.Context)
  o    public sendBroadcastSync(android.content.Intent)
  p    static access$000(android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager)
  v    private executePendingBroadcasts()

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$1       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_co$1)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$BroadcastRecord (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_co$b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$ReceiverRecord  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_co$j)
===============================================================================
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_)
===============================================================================
  a    public static init()
  a    static access$300(android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask,java.lang.Object)
  b    protected onPreExecute()
  b    public static setDefaultExecutor(java.util.concurrent.Executor)
  c    private postResult(java.lang.Object)
  d    public static execute(java.lang.Runnable)
  e    static access$200(android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask)
  f    public final getStatus()
  f    protected onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
  i    public final transient executeOnExecutor(java.util.concurrent.Executor,java.lang.Object[])
  j    private postResultIfNotInvoked(java.lang.Object)
  l    protected final transient publishProgress(java.lang.Object[])
  m    public final get()
  m    public final cancel(boolean)
  n    protected transient onProgressUpdate(java.lang.Object[])
  q    static access$400(android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask,java.lang.Object)
  t    protected onCancelled()
  t    public final get(long,java.util.concurrent.TimeUnit)
  u    private finish(java.lang.Object)
  v    static access$500(android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask,java.lang.Object)
  x    public final isCancelled()
  y    protected onCancelled(java.lang.Object)
  y    public final transient execute(java.lang.Object[])
  z    protected abstract transient doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$1     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_$1)
===============================================================================
  newThread    public newThread(java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$2     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_$2)
===============================================================================
  call public call()

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$3     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_$3)
===============================================================================
  done protected done()

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$4     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_$4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$AsyncTaskResult       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_$q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$InternalHandler       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_$u)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_$d)
===============================================================================
  valueOf  public static valueOf(java.lang.String)
  values   public static values()

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$WorkerRunnable        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c_$a)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uu)
===============================================================================
  h    public static completeWakefulIntent(android.content.Intent)
  y    public static startWakefulService(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.pm.ActivityInfoCompat (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_se)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.pm.ActivityInfoCompat$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompat   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ov)
===============================================================================
  l    public static getDrawable(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi21      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__c)
===============================================================================
  f    public static getDrawable(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.database.DatabaseUtilsCompat  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b0)
===============================================================================
  p    public static concatenateWhere(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  r    public static appendSelectionArgs(java.lang.String[],java.lang.String[])

android.support.v4.database.DatabaseUtilsCompat$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval___)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pa)
===============================================================================
  c        public static getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  d        public static hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  eval_g   public static setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$BaseBitmapImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pa$z)
===============================================================================
  eval_j   public setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  x        public getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  z        public hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$BitmapImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pa$d)
===============================================================================
  eval_j   public abstract setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  x        public abstract getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  z        public abstract hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$HcMr1BitmapCompatImpl   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pa$l)
===============================================================================
  x    public getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$JbMr2BitmapCompatImpl   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pa$m)
===============================================================================
  eval_j   public setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  z        public hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$KitKatBitmapCompatImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pa$y)
===============================================================================
  x    public getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$NullPointerException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatHoneycombMr1     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bx)
===============================================================================
  a    static getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatHoneycombMr1$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatJellybeanMR2     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__2)
===============================================================================
  m    public static hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  z    public static setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatJellybeanMR2$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatKitKat   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z2)
===============================================================================
  u    static getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yp)
===============================================================================
  d    public static setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  d    public static setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  e    public static setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  e    public static setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  f    public static setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  h    public static setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  t    public static jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  x    public static isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sa)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$BaseDrawableImpl     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yp$r)
===============================================================================
  k    public setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  l    public setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  m    public setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  n    public setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  o    public jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p    public setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  s    public isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t    public setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$DrawableImpl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yp$t)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  l    public abstract setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  m    public abstract setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  n    public abstract setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  o    public abstract jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p    public abstract setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  s    public abstract isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t    public abstract setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$HoneycombDrawableImpl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yp$y)
===============================================================================
  o    public jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$KitKatDrawableImpl   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yp$w)
===============================================================================
  n    public setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  s    public isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$LDrawableImpl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yp$e)
===============================================================================
  k    public setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  l    public setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  m    public setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  p    public setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  t    public setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatHoneycomb     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yk)
===============================================================================
  r    public static jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatKitKat        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_du)
===============================================================================
  e    public static isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  f    public static setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatKitKat$ParseException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatL     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gx)
===============================================================================
  f    public static setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  k    public static setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  o    public static setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  s    public static setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  y    public static setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatL$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zs)
===============================================================================
  a                    public setAntiAlias(boolean)
  d                    public setMipMap(boolean)
  e                    gravityCompatApply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_d               public hasMipMap()
  eval_j               private static isGreaterThanZero(float)
  f                    public getGravity()
  g                    public final getPaint()
  h                    private computeBitmapSize()
  i                    updateDstRect()
  j                    public setTargetDensity(android.graphics.Canvas)
  k                    public setCornerRadius(float)
  m                    public hasAntiAlias()
  o                    public setTargetDensity(android.util.DisplayMetrics)
  s                    public setTargetDensity(int)
  v                    public final getBitmap()
  w                    public getCornerRadius()
  x                    public setGravity(int)
  draw                 public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getAlpha             public getAlpha()
  getColorFilter       public getColorFilter()
  getIntrinsicHeight   public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth    public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getOpacity           public getOpacity()
  setAlpha             public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter       public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  setDither            public setDither(boolean)
  setFilterBitmap      public setFilterBitmap(boolean)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable$IOException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_td)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable21     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yr)
===============================================================================
  d            public setMipMap(boolean)
  e            gravityCompatApply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_d       public hasMipMap()
  getOutline   public getOutline(android.graphics.Outline)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable21$NullPointerException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p8)
===============================================================================
  q    public static create(android.content.res.Resources,java.lang.String)
  u    public static create(android.content.res.Resources,java.io.InputStream)
  y    public static create(android.content.res.Resources,android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory$DefaultRoundedBitmapDrawable   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p8$j)
===============================================================================
  d        public setMipMap(boolean)
  e        gravityCompatApply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_d   public hasMipMap()

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory$NullPointerException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tp)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public abstract getDisplays()
  q        public abstract getDisplay(int)
  r        public abstract getDisplays(java.lang.String)
  u        public static getInstance(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$JellybeanMr1Impl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tp$k)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public getDisplays()
  q        public getDisplay(int)
  r        public getDisplays(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$LegacyImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tp$m)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public getDisplays()
  q        public getDisplay(int)
  r        public getDisplays(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerJellybeanMr1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s5)
===============================================================================
  c    public static getDisplay(java.lang.Object,int)
  k    public static getDisplayManager(android.content.Context)
  o    public static getDisplays(java.lang.Object)
  t    public static getDisplays(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerJellybeanMr1$ParseException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_di)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pe)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z9)
===============================================================================
  a                    public abstract setSupportActionProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  f                    public abstract getSupportActionProvider()
  l                    public abstract setSupportOnActionExpandListener(android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  collapseActionView   public abstract collapseActionView()
  expandActionView     public abstract expandActionView()
  getActionView        public abstract getActionView()
  isActionViewExpanded public abstract isActionViewExpanded()
  setActionView        public abstract setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView        public abstract setActionView(int)
  setShowAsAction      public abstract setShowAsAction(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags public abstract setShowAsActionFlags(int)

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_io)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_af)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ad)
===============================================================================
  eval_a           public getRating(java.lang.String)
  eval_d           static access$200()
  k                public getText(java.lang.String)
  m                public static fromMediaMetadata(java.lang.Object)
  o                public keySet()
  q                public size()
  r                static access$100(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  u                public getBitmap(java.lang.String)
  w                public containsKey(java.lang.String)
  x                public getMediaMetadata()
  y                public getLong(java.lang.String)
  z                public getString(java.lang.String)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ad$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$Builder     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ad$f)
===============================================================================
  a    public putRating(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  f    public putLong(java.lang.String,long)
  g    public putBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  n    public build()
  o    public putText(java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence)
  u    public putString(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sz)
===============================================================================
  eval_u   public static getRating(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  r        public static getBitmap(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  s        public static getLong(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  t        public static keySet(java.lang.Object)
  z        public static getText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21$Builder        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sz$j)
===============================================================================
  e    public static putLong(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,long)
  j    public static newInstance()
  m    public static putBitmap(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  n    public static putRating(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
  n    public static putString(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  p    public static putText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence)
  z    public static build(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21$Exception      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ll)
===============================================================================
  a                public getStarRating()
  a                public static newHeartRating(boolean)
  c                public isThumbUp()
  d                public hasHeart()
  d                public static newPercentageRating(float)
  e                public static newUnratedRating(int)
  eval_l           public getRating()
  f                public getPercentRating()
  g                public isRated()
  l                public static fromRating(java.lang.Object)
  o                public static newStarRating(int,float)
  t                public static newThumbRating(boolean)
  w                public getRatingStyle()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$1  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ll$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$ParseException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompatApi21       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uj)
===============================================================================
  b        public static newUnratedRating(int)
  b        public static isRated(java.lang.Object)
  e        public static hasHeart(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public static newThumbRating(boolean)
  g        public static newHeartRating(boolean)
  h        public static newPercentageRating(float)
  j        public static getRatingStyle(java.lang.Object)
  r        public static getStarRating(java.lang.Object)
  u        public static isThumbUp(java.lang.Object)
  w        public static newStarRating(int,float)
  x        public static getPercentRating(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompatApi21$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportController     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_px)
===============================================================================
  eval_e   public abstract getDuration()
  eval_j   public abstract getBufferPercentage()
  eval_y   public abstract unregisterStateListener(android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener)
  f        public abstract getTransportControlFlags()
  g        public abstract startPlaying()
  g        public abstract seekTo(long)
  o        public abstract stopPlaying()
  p        public abstract isPlaying()
  t        public abstract getCurrentPosition()
  x        public abstract registerStateListener(android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener)
  z        public abstract pausePlaying()

android.support.v4.media.TransportController$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yt)
===============================================================================
  b        private getListeners()
  eval_c   private reportPlayingChanged()
  eval_e   public getDuration()
  eval_j   public getBufferPercentage()
  eval_p   private pushControllerState()
  eval_y   public unregisterStateListener(android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener)
  f        public getTransportControlFlags()
  f        public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  g        public startPlaying()
  g        public seekTo(long)
  j        public destroy()
  o        public stopPlaying()
  o        static isMediaKey(int)
  p        public isPlaying()
  q        private reportTransportControlsChanged()
  s        public getRemoteControlClient()
  t        public getCurrentPosition()
  u        public refreshState()
  x        public registerStateListener(android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener)
  z        public pausePlaying()

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$1     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yt$1)
===============================================================================
  c    public handleKey(android.view.KeyEvent)
  p    public playbackPositionUpdate(long)
  v    public getPlaybackPosition()
  x    public handleAudioFocusChange(int)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$2     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yt$2)
===============================================================================
  onKeyDown        public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyLongPress   public onKeyLongPress(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyMultiple    public onKeyMultiple(int,int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyUp          public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorCallback       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gy)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract handleKey(android.view.KeyEvent)
  p    public abstract playbackPositionUpdate(long)
  v    public abstract getPlaybackPosition()
  x    public abstract handleAudioFocusChange(int)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorCallback$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ag)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__g)
===============================================================================
  a                        public stopPlaying()
  b                        windowDetached()
  eval_s                   loseFocus()
  eval_t                   dropAudioFocus()
  eval_v                   gainFocus()
  k                        windowAttached()
  n                        public getRemoteControlClient()
  r                        public pausePlaying()
  u                        public startPlaying()
  v                        public refreshState(boolean,long,int)
  w                        takeAudioFocus()
  z                        public destroy()
  onGetPlaybackPosition    public onGetPlaybackPosition()
  onPlaybackPositionUpdate public onPlaybackPositionUpdate(long)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__g$1)
===============================================================================
  onWindowAttached public onWindowAttached()
  onWindowDetached public onWindowDetached()

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$2 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__g$2)
===============================================================================
  onWindowFocusChanged public onWindowFocusChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$3 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__g$3)
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$4 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__g$4)
===============================================================================
  onAudioFocusChange   public onAudioFocusChange(int)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$Exception (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportPerformer      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dh)
===============================================================================
  b        public onGetTransportControlFlags()
  d        public abstract onGetDuration()
  eval_j   public onMediaButtonDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  f        public abstract onGetCurrentPosition()
  i        public abstract onStart()
  p        public abstract onPause()
  q        public onGetBufferPercentage()
  s        public onAudioFocusChange(int)
  t        public abstract onStop()
  v        public abstract onSeekTo(long)
  w        public abstract onIsPlaying()
  y        public onMediaButtonUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v4.media.TransportPerformer$IOException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__p)
===============================================================================
  c    public onTransportControlsChanged(android.support.v4.media.TransportController)
  u    public onPlayingChanged(android.support.v4.media.TransportController)

android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_te)
===============================================================================
  eval_e   public getVolumeProvider()
  i        public final setCurrentVolume(int)
  k        public final getCurrentVolume()
  l        public onAdjustVolume(int)
  t        public onSetVolumeTo(int)
  u        public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$Callback)
  x        public final getMaxVolume()
  z        public final getVolumeControl()

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$1  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_te$1)
===============================================================================
  a    public onSetVolumeTo(int)
  s    public onAdjustVolume(int)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$Callback   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_te$h)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract onVolumeChanged(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cs)
===============================================================================
  d    public static createVolumeProvider(int,int,int,android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$Delegate)
  k    public static setCurrentVolume(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$1     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cs$1)
===============================================================================
  onAdjustVolume   public onAdjustVolume(int)
  onSetVolumeTo    public onSetVolumeTo(int)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$Delegate      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cs$o)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onSetVolumeTo(int)
  s    public abstract onAdjustVolume(int)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6)
===============================================================================
  eval_z   public static createUserRoute(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  h        public static createVolumeCallback(android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$VolumeCallback)
  m        public static getSelectedRoute(java.lang.Object,int)
  m        public static removeCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  o        public static getCategories(java.lang.Object)
  p        public static addCallback(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.Object)
  q        public static addUserRoute(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  r        public static createRouteCategory(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,boolean)
  t        public static selectRoute(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.Object)
  v        public static removeUserRoute(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  w        public static createCallback(android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$Callback)
  w        public static getRoutes(java.lang.Object)
  x        public static getMediaRouter(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$Callback   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$i)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onRouteUngrouped(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  b    public abstract onRouteUnselected(int,java.lang.Object)
  c    public abstract onRouteRemoved(java.lang.Object)
  h    public abstract onRouteChanged(java.lang.Object)
  m    public abstract onRouteGrouped(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,int)
  s    public abstract onRouteSelected(int,java.lang.Object)
  s    public abstract onRouteVolumeChanged(java.lang.Object)
  y    public abstract onRouteAdded(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$CallbackProxy      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$_)
===============================================================================
  onRouteAdded         public onRouteAdded(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)
  onRouteChanged       public onRouteChanged(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)
  onRouteGrouped       public onRouteGrouped(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteGroup,int)
  onRouteRemoved       public onRouteRemoved(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)
  onRouteSelected      public onRouteSelected(android.media.MediaRouter,int,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)
  onRouteUngrouped     public onRouteUngrouped(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteGroup)
  onRouteUnselected    public onRouteUnselected(android.media.MediaRouter,int,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)
  onRouteVolumeChanged public onRouteVolumeChanged(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$GetDefaultRouteWorkaround  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$j)
===============================================================================
  b    public getDefaultRoute(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$IOException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_js)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteCategory      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$m)
===============================================================================
  j    public static getSupportedTypes(java.lang.Object)
  l    public static getName(java.lang.Object,android.content.Context)
  y    public static getRoutes(java.lang.Object)
  z    public static isGroupable(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteGroup (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$eval_f)
===============================================================================
  v    public static getGroupedRoutes(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteInfo  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$eval_g)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getGroup(java.lang.Object)
  c        public static getPlaybackType(java.lang.Object)
  eval_y   public static getTag(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static requestSetVolume(java.lang.Object,int)
  l        public static getStatus(java.lang.Object)
  n        public static getName(java.lang.Object,android.content.Context)
  p        public static isGroup(java.lang.Object)
  r        public static getVolumeHandling(java.lang.Object)
  s        public static getSupportedTypes(java.lang.Object)
  t        public static getCategory(java.lang.Object)
  t        public static requestUpdateVolume(java.lang.Object,int)
  u        public static getPlaybackStream(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static getVolume(java.lang.Object)
  w        public static setTag(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  x        public static getVolumeMax(java.lang.Object)
  z        public static getIconDrawable(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$SelectRouteWorkaround      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$g)
===============================================================================
  o    public selectRoute(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$UserRouteInfo      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$d)
===============================================================================
  a        public static setVolume(java.lang.Object,int)
  b        public static setRemoteControlClient(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  c        public static setVolumeHandling(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_y   public static setPlaybackStream(java.lang.Object,int)
  l        public static setStatus(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  m        public static setPlaybackType(java.lang.Object,int)
  t        public static setIconDrawable(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v        public static setVolumeMax(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public static setName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  x        public static setVolumeCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$VolumeCallback     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$e)
===============================================================================
  t    public abstract onVolumeSetRequest(java.lang.Object,int)
  u    public abstract onVolumeUpdateRequest(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$VolumeCallbackProxy        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__6$eval_l)
===============================================================================
  onVolumeSetRequest       public onVolumeSetRequest(android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo,int)
  onVolumeUpdateRequest    public onVolumeUpdateRequest(android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo,int)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o6)
===============================================================================
  q    public static createCallback(android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$Callback)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$ActiveScanWorkaround    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o6$h)
===============================================================================
  u    public setActiveScanRouteTypes(int)
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$Callback        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o6$o)
===============================================================================
  n    public abstract onRoutePresentationDisplayChanged(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$CallbackProxy   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o6$s)
===============================================================================
  onRoutePresentationDisplayChanged    public onRoutePresentationDisplayChanged(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$IsConnectingWorkaround  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o6$v)
===============================================================================
  q    public isConnecting(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$RouteInfo       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o6$x)
===============================================================================
  m    public static getPresentationDisplay(java.lang.Object)
  y    public static isEnabled(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nu)
===============================================================================
  m    public static addCallback(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.Object,int)
  u    public static getDefaultRoute(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_br)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$RouteInfo       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nu$x)
===============================================================================
  l    public static isConnecting(java.lang.Object)
  n    public static getDescription(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$UserRouteInfo   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nu$d)
===============================================================================
  n    public static setDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx)
===============================================================================
  a    public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  b    public getMetadata()
  d    public getRatingType()
  h    public getPlaybackInfo()
  i    public dispatchMediaButtonEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  n    public unregisterCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  r    public getMediaController()
  s    public getTransportControls()
  t    public getPlaybackState()
  t    public registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  u    public registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$b)
===============================================================================
  d    public onPlaybackStateChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  g    public onSessionDestroyed()
  g    public onMetadataChanged(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  z    public onSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$IOException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ji)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$StubApi21        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$b$y)
===============================================================================
  e        public onMetadataChanged(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public onSessionDestroyed()
  f        public onPlaybackStateChanged(java.lang.Object)
  g        public onSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Exception (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImpl       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$w)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getMetadata()
  a        public abstract registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  c        public abstract dispatchMediaButtonEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  d        public abstract unregisterCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  eval_n   public abstract getPlaybackInfo()
  eval_x   public abstract getMediaController()
  i        public abstract getTransportControls()
  l        public abstract getRatingType()
  u        public abstract sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  w        public abstract getPlaybackState()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplApi21  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$i)
===============================================================================
  a        public getMetadata()
  a        public registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  c        public dispatchMediaButtonEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  d        public unregisterCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  eval_n   public getPlaybackInfo()
  eval_x   public getMediaController()
  i        public getTransportControls()
  l        public getRatingType()
  u        public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  w        public getPlaybackState()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplBase   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$u)
===============================================================================
  a        public getMetadata()
  a        public registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  c        public dispatchMediaButtonEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  d        public unregisterCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  eval_n   public getPlaybackInfo()
  eval_x   public getMediaController()
  i        public getTransportControls()
  l        public getRatingType()
  u        public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  w        public getPlaybackState()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$PlaybackInfo      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$p)
===============================================================================
  d    public getVolumeControl()
  g    public getAudioStream()
  j    public getCurrentVolume()
  l    public getMaxVolume()
  o    public getPlaybackType()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControls (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$k)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract skipToNext()
  f    public abstract rewind()
  i    public abstract stop()
  j    public abstract seekTo(long)
  k    public abstract fastForward()
  m    public abstract play()
  p    public abstract setRating(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  v    public abstract pause()
  w    public abstract skipToPrevious()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControlsApi21    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yx$y)
===============================================================================
  c    public skipToNext()
  f    public rewind()
  i    public stop()
  j    public seekTo(long)
  k    public fastForward()
  m    public play()
  p    public setRating(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  v    public pause()
  w    public skipToPrevious()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__r)
===============================================================================
  eval_i   public static getPlaybackState(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public static getMetadata(java.lang.Object)
  j        public static fromToken(android.content.Context,java.lang.Object)
  k        public static unregisterCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  m        public static getRatingType(java.lang.Object)
  n        public static getTransportControls(java.lang.Object)
  q        public static sendCommand(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  s        public static getPlaybackInfo(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static createCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Callback)
  x        public static dispatchMediaButtonEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.KeyEvent)
  y        public static registerCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,android.os.Handler)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Callback     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__r$b)
===============================================================================
  e        public abstract onMetadataChanged(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public abstract onSessionDestroyed()
  f        public abstract onPlaybackStateChanged(java.lang.Object)
  g        public abstract onSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$CallbackProxy        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__r$w)
===============================================================================
  onMetadataChanged        public onMetadataChanged(android.media.MediaMetadata)
  onPlaybackStateChanged   public onPlaybackStateChanged(android.media.session.PlaybackState)
  onSessionDestroyed       public onSessionDestroyed()
  onSessionEvent           public onSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Exception    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$PlaybackInfo (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__r$eval_f)
===============================================================================
  a    private static toLegacyStreamType(android.media.AudioAttributes)
  b    public static getVolumeControl(java.lang.Object)
  e    public static getMaxVolume(java.lang.Object)
  h    public static getPlaybackType(java.lang.Object)
  s    public static getCurrentVolume(java.lang.Object)
  t    public static getLegacyAudioStream(java.lang.Object)
  y    public static getAudioAttributes(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$TransportControls    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__r$s)
===============================================================================
  a        public static fastForward(java.lang.Object)
  b        public static setRating(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  e        public static play(java.lang.Object)
  eval__   public static rewind(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public static pause(java.lang.Object)
  l        public static stop(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static seekTo(java.lang.Object,long)
  p        public static skipToPrevious(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static skipToNext(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq)
===============================================================================
  eval_i   public setPlaybackToRemote(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)
  eval_y   public static obtain(java.lang.Object)
  h        public release()
  h        public setMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  n        public setPlaybackToLocal(int)
  q        public getSessionToken()
  s        public getMediaSession()
  s        public setFlags(int)
  u        public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback)
  v        public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  v        public setActive(boolean)
  x        public isActive()
  z        public setPlaybackState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  z        public sendSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$1    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_de)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq$s)
===============================================================================
  a        public onSetRating(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  d        public onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  eval_a   public onSeekTo(long)
  eval_d   public onRewind()
  eval_o   public onSkipToPrevious()
  g        public onFastForward()
  h        public onPause()
  k        public onSkipToNext()
  r        public onPlay()
  v        public onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  y        public onStop()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$NullPointerException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$StubApi21   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq$s$x)
===============================================================================
  a        public onFastForward()
  eval_s   public onRewind()
  j        public onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  j        public onSetRating(java.lang.Object)
  k        public onSkipToPrevious()
  n        public onStop()
  r        public onPause()
  t        public onPlay()
  v        public onSkipToNext()
  w        public onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  z        public onSeekTo(long)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImpl     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq$b)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract setPlaybackToRemote(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)
  eval_j   public abstract getMediaSession()
  j        public abstract setFlags(int)
  n        public abstract isActive()
  q        public abstract release()
  q        public abstract setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  q        public abstract setActive(boolean)
  r        public abstract setPlaybackToLocal(int)
  u        public abstract getSessionToken()
  v        public abstract setMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  v        public abstract setPlaybackState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  z        public abstract sendSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplApi21        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq$r)
===============================================================================
  a        public setPlaybackToRemote(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)
  eval_j   public getMediaSession()
  j        public setFlags(int)
  n        public isActive()
  q        public release()
  q        public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  q        public setActive(boolean)
  r        public setPlaybackToLocal(int)
  u        public getSessionToken()
  v        public setMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  v        public setPlaybackState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  z        public sendSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq$_)
===============================================================================
  a        public setPlaybackToRemote(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)
  eval_j   public getMediaSession()
  j        public setFlags(int)
  n        public isActive()
  q        public release()
  q        public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  q        public setActive(boolean)
  r        public setPlaybackToLocal(int)
  u        public getSessionToken()
  v        public setMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  v        public setPlaybackState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  z        public sendSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq$eval_y)
===============================================================================
  v                public getToken()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token$1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sq$eval_y$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token$ParseException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_no)
===============================================================================
  d    public static setCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,android.os.Handler)
  f    public static setPlaybackToRemote(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  g    public static setPlaybackToLocal(java.lang.Object,int)
  h    public static sendSessionEvent(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  j    public static createSession(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  j    public static setFlags(java.lang.Object,int)
  k    public static setMetadata(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  m    public static release(java.lang.Object)
  o    public static isActive(java.lang.Object)
  o    public static setPlaybackState(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  p    public static createCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$Callback)
  p    public static verifySession(java.lang.Object)
  q    public static setActive(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  y    public static getSessionToken(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$Callback        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_no$p)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract onFastForward()
  eval_s   public abstract onRewind()
  j        public abstract onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  j        public abstract onSetRating(java.lang.Object)
  k        public abstract onSkipToPrevious()
  n        public abstract onStop()
  r        public abstract onPause()
  t        public abstract onPlay()
  v        public abstract onSkipToNext()
  w        public abstract onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  z        public abstract onSeekTo(long)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$CallbackProxy   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_no$y)
===============================================================================
  onCommand            public onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  onFastForward        public onFastForward()
  onMediaButtonEvent   public onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  onPause              public onPause()
  onPlay               public onPlay()
  onRewind             public onRewind()
  onSeekTo             public onSeekTo(long)
  onSetRating          public onSetRating(android.media.Rating)
  onSkipToNext         public onSkipToNext()
  onSkipToPrevious     public onSkipToPrevious()
  onStop               public onStop()

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cy)
===============================================================================
  c                public getErrorMessage()
  d                public getPlaybackSpeed()
  eval_d           static access$500(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  eval_i           static access$700(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  eval_l           public getLastPositionUpdateTime()
  eval_t           public getBufferedPosition()
  g                public getPlaybackState()
  l                static access$600(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  n                public getState()
  o                static access$400(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  p                public getActions()
  q                static access$100(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  r                public static fromPlaybackState(java.lang.Object)
  u                static access$200(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  w                public getPosition()
  y                static access$300(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cy$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$Builder     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cy$p)
===============================================================================
  c    public setState(int,long,float)
  d    public setErrorMessage(java.lang.CharSequence)
  e    public setBufferedPosition(long)
  f    public build()
  x    public setActions(long)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ne)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mn)
===============================================================================
  eval_j   public static getBufferedPosition(java.lang.Object)
  j        public static getPlaybackSpeed(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static getLastPositionUpdateTime(java.lang.Object)
  p        public static newInstance(int,long,long,float,long,java.lang.CharSequence,long)
  s        public static getErrorMessage(java.lang.Object)
  t        public static getState(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static getActions(java.lang.Object)
  x        public static getPosition(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21$ParseException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zt)
===============================================================================
  eval_m   public static getNetworkInfoFromBroadcast(android.net.ConnectivityManager,android.content.Intent)
  p        public static isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$BaseConnectivityManagerCompatImpl       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zt$q)
===============================================================================
  l    public isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$ConnectivityManagerCompatImpl   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zt$e)
===============================================================================
  l    public abstract isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$GingerbreadConnectivityManagerCompatImpl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zt$s)
===============================================================================
  l    public isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$HoneycombMR2ConnectivityManagerCompatImpl       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zt$h)
===============================================================================
  l    public isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$JellyBeanConnectivityManagerCompatImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zt$t)
===============================================================================
  l    public isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatGingerbread      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n8)
===============================================================================
  e    public static isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatGingerbread$Exception    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatHoneycombMR2     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n4)
===============================================================================
  d    public static isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatHoneycombMR2$NullPointerException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatJellyBean        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_au)
===============================================================================
  q    public static isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatJellyBean$ParseException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e4)
===============================================================================
  a    public static untagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  f    public static tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  h    public static incrementOperationCount(int,int)
  p    public static setThreadStatsTag(int)
  u    public static getThreadStatsTag()
  w    public static incrementOperationCount(int)
  z    public static clearThreadStatsTag()

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e4$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e4$z)
===============================================================================
  e        public clearThreadStatsTag()
  eval_a   public untagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  i        public tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  m        public incrementOperationCount(int)
  s        public getThreadStatsTag()
  v        public setThreadStatsTag(int)
  v        public incrementOperationCount(int,int)

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e4$z$1)
===============================================================================
  initialValue protected initialValue()
  initialValue protected volatile initialValue()

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$IOException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ws)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$SocketTags  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e4$z$p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$IcsTrafficStatsCompatImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e4$y)
===============================================================================
  e        public clearThreadStatsTag()
  eval_a   public untagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  i        public tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  m        public incrementOperationCount(int)
  s        public getThreadStatsTag()
  v        public setThreadStatsTag(int)
  v        public incrementOperationCount(int,int)

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$TrafficStatsCompatImpl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e4$q)
===============================================================================
  e        public abstract clearThreadStatsTag()
  eval_a   public abstract untagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  i        public abstract tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  m        public abstract incrementOperationCount(int)
  s        public abstract getThreadStatsTag()
  v        public abstract setThreadStatsTag(int)
  v        public abstract incrementOperationCount(int,int)

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompatIcs     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e7)
===============================================================================
  b    public static untagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  f    public static tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  h    public static clearThreadStatsTag()
  i    public static setThreadStatsTag(int)
  j    public static incrementOperationCount(int,int)
  p    public static incrementOperationCount(int)
  s    public static getThreadStatsTag()

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompatIcs$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ef)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompat    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a8)
===============================================================================
  u    public static transient executeParallel(android.os.AsyncTask,java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompat$ParseException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ir)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompatHoneycomb   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pm)
===============================================================================
  s    static transient executeParallel(android.os.AsyncTask,java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompat  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g3)
===============================================================================
  l    public static getStorageState(java.io.File)

android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompat$Exception        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompatKitKat    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_py)
===============================================================================
  v    public static getStorageState(java.io.File)

android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompatKitKat$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j8)
===============================================================================
  n    public static newCreator(android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat$CompatCreator     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j8$v)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat$IOException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_es)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ks)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  t    public abstract newArray(int)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks$Exception (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_it)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w6)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  newArray         public newArray(int)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2$ParseException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2Stub    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l8)
===============================================================================
  s    static instantiate(android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2Stub$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kv)
===============================================================================
  a        public getColorMode()
  a        public setColorMode(int)
  eval_w   public setOrientation(int)
  g        public getScaleMode()
  h        public getOrientation()
  h        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  n        public setScaleMode(int)
  q        public static systemSupportsPrint()
  u        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri)
  w        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  z        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kv$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kv$v)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract onFinish()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kv$x)
===============================================================================
  b    public getOrientation()
  e    public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  f    public getScaleMode()
  f    public setOrientation(int)
  m    public setColorMode(int)
  o    public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  r    public setScaleMode(int)
  y    public getColorMode()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$1     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kv$x$1)
===============================================================================
  z    public onFinish()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$2     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kv$x$2)
===============================================================================
  z    public onFinish()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$IOException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ny)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperStubImpl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kv$a)
===============================================================================
  b    public getOrientation()
  e    public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  f    public getScaleMode()
  f    public setOrientation(int)
  m    public setColorMode(int)
  o    public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  r    public setScaleMode(int)
  y    public getColorMode()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperVersionImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kv$y)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract getOrientation()
  e    public abstract printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  f    public abstract getScaleMode()
  f    public abstract setOrientation(int)
  m    public abstract setColorMode(int)
  o    public abstract printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  r    public abstract setScaleMode(int)
  y    public abstract getColorMode()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tu)
===============================================================================
  e        public getOrientation()
  eval_w   public setColorMode(int)
  f        private loadBitmap(android.net.Uri,android.graphics.BitmapFactory$Options)
  g        private getMatrix(int,int,android.graphics.RectF,int)
  i        static access$000(android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat,int,int,android.graphics.RectF,int)
  k        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  l        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  n        public setScaleMode(int)
  o        public getColorMode()
  o        static access$200(android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat,android.net.Uri,int)
  p        static access$300(android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat)
  q        private loadConstrainedBitmap(android.net.Uri,int)
  q        public setOrientation(int)
  z        public getScaleMode()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$1     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tu$1)
===============================================================================
  onFinish public onFinish()
  onLayout public onLayout(android.print.PrintAttributes,android.print.PrintAttributes,android.os.CancellationSignal,android.print.PrintDocumentAdapter$LayoutResultCallback,android.os.Bundle)
  onWrite  public onWrite(android.print.PageRange[],android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor,android.os.CancellationSignal,android.print.PrintDocumentAdapter$WriteResultCallback)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tu$2)
===============================================================================
  a        static access$100(android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2)
  m        private cancelLoad()
  onFinish public onFinish()
  onLayout public onLayout(android.print.PrintAttributes,android.print.PrintAttributes,android.os.CancellationSignal,android.print.PrintDocumentAdapter$LayoutResultCallback,android.os.Bundle)
  onWrite  public onWrite(android.print.PageRange[],android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor,android.os.CancellationSignal,android.print.PrintDocumentAdapter$WriteResultCallback)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tu$2$1)
===============================================================================
  m                protected transient doInBackground(android.net.Uri[])
  q                protected onCancelled(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  w                protected onPostExecute(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  doInBackground   protected volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  onCancelled      protected volatile onCancelled(java.lang.Object)
  onPostExecute    protected volatile onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
  onPreExecute     protected onPreExecute()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1$1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tu$2$1$1)
===============================================================================
  onCancel public onCancel()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$OnPrintFinishCallback (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tu$l)
===============================================================================
  z    public abstract onFinish()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentFile (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gv)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract isFile()
  c        public abstract renameTo(java.lang.String)
  e        public abstract delete()
  eval_d   public abstract lastModified()
  eval_n   public abstract canRead()
  eval_z   public abstract exists()
  f        public getParentFile()
  f        public abstract createFile(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  g        public abstract getName()
  g        public static isDocumentUri(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  l        public abstract length()
  m        public abstract isDirectory()
  m        public static fromSingleUri(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  m        public abstract createDirectory(java.lang.String)
  n        public abstract getUri()
  n        public static fromTreeUri(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  q        public abstract canWrite()
  s        public abstract listFiles()
  w        public static fromFile(java.io.File)
  y        public abstract getType()
  y        public findFile(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentFile$NullPointerException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi19       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ma)
===============================================================================
  b        public static isDirectory(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  c        public static getName(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  d        public static canRead(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  d        private static queryForInt(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,int)
  e        private static queryForString(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  eval__   public static lastModified(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  eval_k   public static canWrite(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  f        private static closeQuietly(java.lang.AutoCloseable)
  h        private static getRawType(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  j        public static delete(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  l        public static isDocumentUri(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  m        public static length(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  p        public static getType(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  r        public static exists(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  y        private static queryForLong(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,long)
  z        public static isFile(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi19$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi21       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sd)
===============================================================================
  b    public static renameTo(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String)
  c    public static createFile(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  d    public static prepareTreeUri(android.net.Uri)
  h    public static createDirectory(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String)
  k    private static closeQuietly(java.lang.AutoCloseable)
  v    public static listFiles(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi21$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.RawDocumentFile      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ls)
===============================================================================
  c        public isFile()
  c        public renameTo(java.lang.String)
  e        public delete()
  eval_d   public lastModified()
  eval_n   public canRead()
  eval_y   private static getTypeForName(java.lang.String)
  eval_z   public exists()
  f        public createFile(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  g        public getName()
  k        private static deleteContents(java.io.File)
  l        public length()
  m        public isDirectory()
  m        public createDirectory(java.lang.String)
  n        public getUri()
  q        public canWrite()
  s        public listFiles()
  y        public getType()

android.support.v4.provider.RawDocumentFile$IOException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_la)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.SingleDocumentFile   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__v)
===============================================================================
  c        public isFile()
  c        public renameTo(java.lang.String)
  e        public delete()
  eval_d   public lastModified()
  eval_n   public canRead()
  eval_z   public exists()
  f        public createFile(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  g        public getName()
  l        public length()
  m        public isDirectory()
  m        public createDirectory(java.lang.String)
  n        public getUri()
  q        public canWrite()
  s        public listFiles()
  y        public getType()

android.support.v4.provider.SingleDocumentFile$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.TreeDocumentFile     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qa)
===============================================================================
  c        public isFile()
  c        public renameTo(java.lang.String)
  e        public delete()
  eval_d   public lastModified()
  eval_n   public canRead()
  eval_z   public exists()
  f        public createFile(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  g        public getName()
  l        public length()
  m        public isDirectory()
  m        public createDirectory(java.lang.String)
  n        public getUri()
  q        public canWrite()
  s        public listFiles()
  y        public getType()

android.support.v4.provider.TreeDocumentFile$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICS    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hf)
===============================================================================
  f    static construct(android.content.Context,android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech$OnInitListener,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICS$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ri)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iy)
===============================================================================
  o    static setUtteranceProgressListener(android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech,android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$UtteranceProgressListenerICSMR1)
  p    static getFeatures(android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech,java.util.Locale)

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$1       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iy$1)
===============================================================================
  onDone   public onDone(java.lang.String)
  onError  public onError(java.lang.String)
  onStart  public onStart(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$2       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iy$2)
===============================================================================
  onUtteranceCompleted public onUtteranceCompleted(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$UtteranceProgressListenerICSMR1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iy$y)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract onStart(java.lang.String)
  x    public abstract onDone(java.lang.String)
  z    public abstract onError(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d0)
===============================================================================
  a        public unicodeWrap(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat)
  b        public static getInstance()
  d        static access$200()
  d        public static getInstance(java.util.Locale)
  e        public isRtl(java.lang.String)
  eval_o   static access$300()
  h        public isRtlContext()
  h        static access$000(java.util.Locale)
  i        private static getEntryDir(java.lang.String)
  i        public unicodeWrap(java.lang.String,boolean)
  k        public getStereoReset()
  m        static access$100()
  m        private markBefore(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat)
  q        private markAfter(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat)
  s        private static getExitDir(java.lang.String)
  u        public unicodeWrap(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat,boolean)
  w        private static isRtlLocale(java.util.Locale)
  x        public unicodeWrap(java.lang.String)
  y        public static getInstance(boolean)

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$1  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d0$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$Builder    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d0$h)
===============================================================================
  g    private initialize(boolean)
  h    public build()
  q    public setTextDirectionHeuristic(android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat)
  u    private static getDefaultInstanceFromContext(boolean)
  w    public stereoReset(boolean)

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$DirectionalityEstimator    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d0$r)
===============================================================================
  a        private skipEntityForward()
  c        dirTypeForward()
  eval_t   private skipEntityBackward()
  m        getEntryDir()
  o        private static getCachedDirectionality(char)
  q        private skipTagBackward()
  t        dirTypeBackward()
  u        getExitDir()
  z        private skipTagForward()

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$ParseException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w3)
===============================================================================
  a    public static addLikelySubtags(java.lang.String)
  q    public static getScript(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w3$t)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract getScript(java.lang.String)
  k    public abstract addLikelySubtags(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplBase      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w3$v)
===============================================================================
  i    public getScript(java.lang.String)
  k    public addLikelySubtags(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplIcs       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w3$m)
===============================================================================
  i    public getScript(java.lang.String)
  k    public addLikelySubtags(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$IOException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ye)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatIcs     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xc)
===============================================================================
  eval_l   public static addLikelySubtags(java.lang.String)
  r        public static getScript(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_je)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h6)
===============================================================================
  l    public abstract isRtl(char[],int,int)
  o    public abstract isRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lh)
===============================================================================
  d        static access$100(int)
  eval_y   private static isRtlTextOrFormat(int)
  i        private static isRtlText(int)
  j        static access$200(int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$1  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lh$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$AnyStrong  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lh$g)
===============================================================================
  b    public checkRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$FirstStrong        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lh$j)
===============================================================================
  b    public checkRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$IOException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionAlgorithm     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lh$i)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract checkRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicImpl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lh$m)
===============================================================================
  l    protected abstract defaultIsRtl()
  l    public isRtl(char[],int,int)
  o    public isRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)
  q    private doCheck(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicInternal     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lh$a)
===============================================================================
  l    protected defaultIsRtl()

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicLocale       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lh$_)
===============================================================================
  l    protected defaultIsRtl()

android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cv)
===============================================================================
  e    public static htmlEncode(java.lang.String)
  k    private static getLayoutDirectionFromFirstChar(java.util.Locale)
  t    public static getLayoutDirectionFromLocale(java.util.Locale)

android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat$Exception        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_en)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q1)
===============================================================================
  c        public retainAll(java.util.Collection)
  e        public containsAll(java.util.Collection)
  t        public removeAll(java.util.Collection)
  v        private getCollection()
  entrySet public entrySet()
  keySet   public keySet()
  putAll   public putAll(java.util.Map)
  values   public values()

android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap$1       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q1$1)
===============================================================================
  b        protected colPut(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  c        protected colGetSize()
  d        protected colIndexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   protected colGetEntry(int,int)
  i        protected colGetMap()
  j        protected colClear()
  k        protected colRemoveAt(int)
  v        protected colIndexOfKey(java.lang.Object)
  w        protected colSetValue(int,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap$ParseException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.AtomicFile       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r9)
===============================================================================
  a    public getBaseFile()
  d    public openRead()
  g    static sync(java.io.FileOutputStream)
  h    public failWrite(java.io.FileOutputStream)
  j    public delete()
  k    public startWrite()
  l    public readFully()
  s    public finishWrite(java.io.FileOutputStream)

android.support.v4.util.AtomicFile$Exception     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.CircularArray    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r2)
===============================================================================
  a        public final isEmpty()
  c        public final addFirst(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   private doubleCapacity()
  eval_y   public final getFirst()
  i        public final popFirst()
  l        public final getLast()
  m        public final size()
  n        public final addLast(java.lang.Object)
  v        public final get(int)
  z        public final popLast()

android.support.v4.util.CircularArray$ParseException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.ContainerHelpers (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z3)
===============================================================================
  eval_q   public static idealLongArraySize(int)
  m        static binarySearch(int[],int,int)
  m        public static equal(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  p        public static idealByteArraySize(int)
  t        public static idealIntArraySize(int)
  t        static binarySearch(long[],int,long)

android.support.v4.util.ContainerHelpers$NullPointerException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_al)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.DebugUtils       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lp)
===============================================================================
  z    public static buildShortClassTag(java.lang.Object,java.lang.StringBuilder)

android.support.v4.util.DebugUtils$Exception     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.LogWriter        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vf)
===============================================================================
  o        private flushBuilder()
  close    public close()
  flush    public flush()
  write    public write(char[],int,int)

android.support.v4.util.LogWriter$IOException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.LongSparseArray  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tx)
===============================================================================
  clone    public clone()
  eval_n   public indexOfKey(long)
  eval_v   public get(long)
  f        public valueAt(int)
  g        public indexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  i        public put(long,java.lang.Object)
  k        public delete(long)
  m        public keyAt(int)
  p        public clear()
  r        public remove(long)
  s        public size()
  t        public setValueAt(int,java.lang.Object)
  u        private gc()
  u        public append(long,java.lang.Object)
  w        public get(long,java.lang.Object)
  x        public removeAt(int)
  clone    public volatile clone()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.util.LongSparseArray$Exception        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ps)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.LruCache (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zo)
===============================================================================
  b        public final synchronized evictionCount()
  c        public final synchronized missCount()
  g        public final evictAll()
  l        public final put(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  m        public final synchronized snapshot()
  o        public resize(int)
  o        public final get(java.lang.Object)
  p        private safeSizeOf(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  q        public final remove(java.lang.Object)
  s        public final synchronized putCount()
  u        public final synchronized createCount()
  u        protected entryRemoved(boolean,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  v        protected create(java.lang.Object)
  w        protected sizeOf(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  x        public final synchronized hitCount()
  y        public final synchronized size()
  y        public trimToSize(int)
  z        public final synchronized maxSize()
  toString public final synchronized toString()

android.support.v4.util.LruCache$ParseException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t6)
===============================================================================
  b        protected abstract colPut(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  c        protected abstract colGetSize()
  d        protected abstract colIndexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  d        public static retainAllHelper(java.util.Map,java.util.Collection)
  eval_i   protected abstract colGetEntry(int,int)
  h        public toArrayHelper(java.lang.Object[],int)
  i        protected abstract colGetMap()
  j        protected abstract colClear()
  j        public static equalsSetHelper(java.util.Set,java.lang.Object)
  k        protected abstract colRemoveAt(int)
  m        public getValues()
  m        public toArrayHelper(int)
  p        public static containsAllHelper(java.util.Map,java.util.Collection)
  q        public getKeySet()
  s        public getEntrySet()
  v        protected abstract colIndexOfKey(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static removeAllHelper(java.util.Map,java.util.Collection)
  w        protected abstract colSetValue(int,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$ArrayIterator     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t6$u)
===============================================================================
  hasNext  public hasNext()
  next     public next()
  remove   public remove()

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$EntrySet  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t6$q)
===============================================================================
  g            public add(java.util.Map$Entry)
  add          public volatile add(java.lang.Object)
  addAll       public addAll(java.util.Collection)
  clear        public clear()
  contains     public contains(java.lang.Object)
  containsAll  public containsAll(java.util.Collection)
  equals       public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode     public hashCode()
  isEmpty      public isEmpty()
  iterator     public iterator()
  remove       public remove(java.lang.Object)
  removeAll    public removeAll(java.util.Collection)
  retainAll    public retainAll(java.util.Collection)
  size         public size()
  toArray      public toArray()
  toArray      public toArray(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$IOException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$KeySet    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t6$c)
===============================================================================
  add          public add(java.lang.Object)
  addAll       public addAll(java.util.Collection)
  clear        public clear()
  contains     public contains(java.lang.Object)
  containsAll  public containsAll(java.util.Collection)
  equals       public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode     public hashCode()
  isEmpty      public isEmpty()
  iterator     public iterator()
  remove       public remove(java.lang.Object)
  removeAll    public removeAll(java.util.Collection)
  retainAll    public retainAll(java.util.Collection)
  size         public size()
  toArray      public toArray()
  toArray      public toArray(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$MapIterator       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t6$b)
===============================================================================
  next     public next()
  equals   public final equals(java.lang.Object)
  getKey   public getKey()
  getValue public getValue()
  hasNext  public hasNext()
  hashCode public final hashCode()
  next     public volatile next()
  remove   public remove()
  setValue public setValue(java.lang.Object)
  toString public final toString()

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$ValuesCollection  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t6$eval__)
===============================================================================
  add          public add(java.lang.Object)
  addAll       public addAll(java.util.Collection)
  clear        public clear()
  contains     public contains(java.lang.Object)
  containsAll  public containsAll(java.util.Collection)
  isEmpty      public isEmpty()
  iterator     public iterator()
  remove       public remove(java.lang.Object)
  removeAll    public removeAll(java.util.Collection)
  retainAll    public retainAll(java.util.Collection)
  size         public size()
  toArray      public toArray()
  toArray      public toArray(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.util.Pair     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bq)
===============================================================================
  j        private static objectsEqual(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  s        public static create(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()

android.support.v4.util.Pair$IOException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.Pools    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.Pools$Exception  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.Pools$Pool       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lj$g)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract acquire()
  eval_l   public abstract release(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.Pools$SimplePool (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lj$o)
===============================================================================
  c        public acquire()
  d        private isInPool(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public release(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.Pools$SynchronizedPool   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lj$w)
===============================================================================
  c        public acquire()
  eval_l   public release(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m9)
===============================================================================
  e                public removeAt(int)
  eval_x           private allocArrays(int)
  f                public setValueAt(int,java.lang.Object)
  g                indexOfNull()
  g                indexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  i                public valueAt(int)
  l                public keyAt(int)
  m                public ensureCapacity(int)
  m                public indexOfKey(java.lang.Object)
  r                indexOf(java.lang.Object,int)
  s                public putAll(android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap)
  w                private static freeArrays(int[],java.lang.Object[],int)
  clear            public clear()
  containsKey      public containsKey(java.lang.Object)
  containsValue    public containsValue(java.lang.Object)
  equals           public equals(java.lang.Object)
  get              public get(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode         public hashCode()
  isEmpty          public isEmpty()
  put              public put(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  remove           public remove(java.lang.Object)
  size             public size()
  toString         public toString()

android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap$IOException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.SparseArrayCompat        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y1)
===============================================================================
  a        public size()
  a        public valueAt(int)
  b        public setValueAt(int,java.lang.Object)
  clone    public clone()
  eval_k   public removeAt(int)
  eval_n   public removeAtRange(int,int)
  eval_t   public indexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public indexOfKey(int)
  l        public get(int)
  o        public get(int,java.lang.Object)
  p        public append(int,java.lang.Object)
  q        public put(int,java.lang.Object)
  t        public remove(int)
  v        private gc()
  w        public clear()
  x        public keyAt(int)
  y        public delete(int)
  clone    public volatile clone()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.util.SparseArrayCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.TimeUtils        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s_)
===============================================================================
  eval_f   public static formatDuration(long,java.lang.StringBuilder)
  f        private static printField(char[],int,char,int,boolean,int)
  g        private static accumField(int,int,boolean,int)
  g        private static formatDurationLocked(long,int)
  h        public static formatDuration(long,long,java.io.PrintWriter)
  k        public static formatDuration(long,java.io.PrintWriter,int)
  w        public static formatDuration(long,java.io.PrintWriter)

android.support.v4.util.TimeUtils$IOException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r5)
===============================================================================
  e        public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  eval_l   public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  eval_x   public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  g        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  o        public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  p        getBridge()
  p        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  v        public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  w        public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  x        public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r5$k)
===============================================================================
  c        public newAccessiblityDelegateDefaultImpl()
  eval_v   public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  f        public newAccessiblityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  f        public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  j        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  n        public sendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  r        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  v        public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  y        public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl$1       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r5$k$1)
===============================================================================
  a    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  a    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  d    public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  m    public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  t    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  x    public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  z    public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl$NullPointerException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateImpl    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r5$n)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract newAccessiblityDelegateDefaultImpl()
  e        public abstract performAccessibilityAction(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_v   public abstract sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  f        public abstract newAccessiblityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  f        public abstract dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  j        public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  n        public abstract sendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  r        public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  t        public abstract getAccessibilityNodeProvider(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  v        public abstract onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  y        public abstract onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r5$v)
===============================================================================
  e    public performAccessibilityAction(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  f    public newAccessiblityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  t    public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl$1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r5$v$1)
===============================================================================
  c    public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  j    public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  k    public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  q    public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  r    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  s    public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  w    public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  y    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  y    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateStubImpl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r5$a)
===============================================================================
  c        public newAccessiblityDelegateDefaultImpl()
  e        public performAccessibilityAction(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_v   public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  f        public newAccessiblityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  f        public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  j        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  n        public sendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  r        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  t        public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  v        public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  y        public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mq)
===============================================================================
  a    public static onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  c    public static newAccessibilityDelegateDefaultImpl()
  d    public static onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  l    public static newAccessibilityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$AccessibilityDelegateBridge)
  n    public static onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  p    public static sendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  q    public static onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  t    public static dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  z    public static sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mq$1)
===============================================================================
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onPopulateAccessibilityEvent     public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent  public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  sendAccessibilityEvent           public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked  public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$AccessibilityDelegateBridge       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mq$p)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  a    public abstract onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  d    public abstract sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  m    public abstract onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  t    public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  x    public abstract sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  z    public abstract dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$Exception (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_be)
===============================================================================
  j    public static getAccessibilityNodeProvider(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  s    public static newAccessibilityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityDelegateBridgeJellyBean)
  u    public static performAccessibilityAction(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_be$1)
===============================================================================
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  getAccessibilityNodeProvider     public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onPopulateAccessibilityEvent     public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent  public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  performAccessibilityAction       public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  sendAccessibilityEvent           public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked  public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityDelegateBridgeJellyBean        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_be$a)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  j    public abstract performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  k    public abstract sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  q    public abstract getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  r    public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  s    public abstract onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  w    public abstract sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  y    public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  y    public abstract onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$NullPointerException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_po)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b8)
===============================================================================
  c        public overridesItemVisibility()
  d        public onPrepareSubMenu(android.view.SubMenu)
  e        public onCreateActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  e        public subUiVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  eval_x   public onPerformDefaultAction()
  g        public setVisibilityListener(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$VisibilityListener)
  i        public setSubUiVisibilityListener(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$SubUiVisibilityListener)
  m        public abstract onCreateActionView()
  n        public refreshVisibility()
  o        public hasSubMenu()
  q        public getContext()
  r        public isVisible()

android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$IOException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$SubUiVisibilityListener   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b8$u)
===============================================================================
  z    public abstract onSubUiVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$VisibilityListener        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b8$q)
===============================================================================
  r    public abstract onActionProviderVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w8)
===============================================================================
  b    public setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)
  p    public setIsLongpressEnabled(boolean)
  x    public isLongpressEnabled()
  z    public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w8$j)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract isLongpressEnabled()
  j    public abstract setIsLongpressEnabled(boolean)
  m    public abstract onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  q    public abstract setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w8$eval_z)
===============================================================================
  a        static access$000(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  c        public isLongpressEnabled()
  e        private init(android.content.Context)
  eval_t   private dispatchLongPress()
  f        private cancel()
  i        static access$300(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  j        static access$200(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  j        public setIsLongpressEnabled(boolean)
  k        static access$502(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase,boolean)
  m        public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  q        private cancelTaps()
  q        public setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)
  r        static access$400(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  y        static access$100(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  y        private isConsideredDoubleTap(android.view.MotionEvent,android.view.MotionEvent,android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase$GestureHandler       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w8$eval_z$l)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase$NullPointerException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_on)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplJellybeanMr2      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w8$o)
===============================================================================
  c    public isLongpressEnabled()
  j    public setIsLongpressEnabled(boolean)
  m    public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  q    public setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vs)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bm)
===============================================================================
  b    public static applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  c    public static getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)
  k    public static apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  w    public static apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bm$q)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  k    public abstract apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  m    public abstract apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  w    public abstract getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImplBase      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bm$d)
===============================================================================
  c    public applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  k    public apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  m    public apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  w    public getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImplJellybeanMr1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bm$b)
===============================================================================
  c    public applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  k    public apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  m    public apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  w    public getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$ParseException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompatJellybeanMr1        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zv)
===============================================================================
  b    public static apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  e    public static applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  z    public static getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)
  z    public static apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompatJellybeanMr1$Exception      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t1)
===============================================================================
  a    public static startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  g    public static metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  i    public static getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)
  l    public static isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  m    public static hasNoModifiers(android.view.KeyEvent)
  m    public static hasModifiers(android.view.KeyEvent,int)
  n    public static metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)
  t    public static dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  u    public static normalizeMetaState(int)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$BaseKeyEventVersionImpl   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t1$g)
===============================================================================
  g    public metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  j    public normalizeMetaState(int)
  m    public dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  q    public isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  r    private static metaStateFilterDirectionalModifiers(int,int,int,int,int)
  v    public startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  z    public getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)
  z    public metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$EclairKeyEventVersionImpl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t1$f)
===============================================================================
  m    public dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  q    public isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  v    public startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  z    public getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$HoneycombKeyEventVersionImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t1$eval_m)
===============================================================================
  g    public metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  j    public normalizeMetaState(int)
  z    public metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$IOException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$KeyEventVersionImpl       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t1$p)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  j    public abstract normalizeMetaState(int)
  m    public abstract dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  q    public abstract isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  v    public abstract startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  z    public abstract getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)
  z    public abstract metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatEclair     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rw)
===============================================================================
  a    public static startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  g    public static dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  l    public static isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  y    public static getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatEclair$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatHoneycomb  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cz)
===============================================================================
  d    public static metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)
  t    public static metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  u    public static normalizeMetaState(int)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatHoneycomb$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_og)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  f    public static getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  i    public static getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  i    public static setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  r    public static setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  t    public static resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  w    public static isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  x    public static setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImpl    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_og$z)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  h    public abstract setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  i    public abstract getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  j    public abstract getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  n    public abstract getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  r    public abstract resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  s    public abstract setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  y    public abstract setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImplBase        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_og$h)
===============================================================================
  a    public isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  h    public setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  i    public getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  j    public getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  n    public getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  r    public resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  s    public setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  y    public setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImplJbMr1       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_og$i)
===============================================================================
  a    public isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  h    public setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  i    public getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  j    public getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  n    public getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  r    public resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  s    public setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  y    public setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompatJellybeanMr1     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c1)
===============================================================================
  e        public static getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  e        public static resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  eval_b   public static setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  eval_u   public static setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  g        public static isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  g        public static setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  m        public static getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  t        public static getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompatJellybeanMr1$NullPointerException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuCompat       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b4)
===============================================================================
  e    public static setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)

android.support.v4.view.MenuCompat$Exception     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wf)
===============================================================================
  b    public static isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  b    public static setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  f    public static getActionProvider(android.view.MenuItem)
  i    public static collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  i    public static setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)
  j    public static getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  r    public static expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  r    public static setActionProvider(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  u    public static setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  y    public static setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$BaseMenuVersionImpl       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wf$l)
===============================================================================
  a    public getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  a    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  e    public setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)
  g    public collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  j    public isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  l    public setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  n    public setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  r    public expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$HoneycombMenuVersionImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wf$m)
===============================================================================
  a    public getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  a    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  e    public setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)
  g    public collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  j    public isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  l    public setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  n    public setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  r    public expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IOException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qs)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wf$k)
===============================================================================
  a    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  g    public collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  j    public isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  r    public expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl$1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wf$k$1)
===============================================================================
  a    public onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  u    public onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl$ParseException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$MenuVersionImpl   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wf$u)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  a    public abstract setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  e    public abstract setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)
  g    public abstract collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  j    public abstract isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  l    public abstract setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  n    public abstract setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  r    public abstract expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wf$t)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  h    public abstract onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatHoneycomb  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kx)
===============================================================================
  eval_b   public static setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)
  f        public static getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  q        public static setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  w        public static setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatHoneycomb$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hs)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b6)
===============================================================================
  e    public static isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  f    public static setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$SupportActionExpandProxy)
  v    public static expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  x    public static collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$OnActionExpandListenerWrapper  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b6$a)
===============================================================================
  onMenuItemActionCollapse public onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  onMenuItemActionExpand   public onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$SupportActionExpandProxy       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b6$b)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  u    public abstract onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rz)
===============================================================================
  b    public static findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  g    public static getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)
  h    public static getActionMasked(android.view.MotionEvent)
  j    public static getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  n    public static getActionIndex(android.view.MotionEvent)
  n    public static getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  z    public static getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$BaseMotionEventVersionImpl     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rz$k)
===============================================================================
  eval_n   public getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  eval_p   public getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  j        public findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  t        public getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  x        public getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$EclairMotionEventVersionImpl   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rz$y)
===============================================================================
  eval_n   public getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  eval_p   public getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  j        public findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  t        public getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  x        public getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$MotionEventVersionImpl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rz$b)
===============================================================================
  eval_n   public abstract getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  eval_p   public abstract getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  j        public abstract findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  t        public abstract getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  x        public abstract getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatEclair  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zh)
===============================================================================
  b    public static getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)
  l    public static getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  n    public static findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  t    public static getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  u    public static getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatEclair$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ee)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k7)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)

android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oh)
===============================================================================
  a        public restoreState(android.os.Parcelable,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  b        public finishUpdate(android.view.View)
  c        public setPrimaryItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  e        public abstract getCount()
  eval_d   public instantiateItem(android.view.View,int)
  eval_h   public notifyDataSetChanged()
  eval_t   public getPageWidth(int)
  eval_u   public registerDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)
  g        public startUpdate(android.view.View)
  g        public destroyItem(android.view.View,int,java.lang.Object)
  k        public getItemPosition(java.lang.Object)
  n        public instantiateItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  n        public destroyItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  s        public finishUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  t        public abstract isViewFromObject(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  v        public setPrimaryItem(android.view.View,int,java.lang.Object)
  v        public getPageTitle(int)
  w        public unregisterDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)
  w        public startUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  x        public saveState()

android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_do)
===============================================================================
  eval_p                   public setTabIndicatorColor(int)
  l                        public getTabIndicatorColor()
  l                        public setTextSpacing(int)
  t                        public getDrawFullUnderline()
  t                        public setTabIndicatorColorResource(int)
  u                        getMinHeight()
  w                        public setDrawFullUnderline(boolean)
  x                        updateTextPositions(int,float,boolean)
  onDraw                   protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onTouchEvent             public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setBackgroundColor       public setBackgroundColor(int)
  setBackgroundDrawable    public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setBackgroundResource    public setBackgroundResource(int)
  setPadding               public setPadding(int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$1  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_do$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$2  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_do$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$ParseException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_md)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mx)
===============================================================================
  c                    updateAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter,android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  d                    public setNonPrimaryAlpha(float)
  h                    public getTextSpacing()
  j                    private static setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)
  k                    public setTextColor(int)
  l                    public setTextSpacing(int)
  q                    static access$100(android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip)
  s                    public setTextSize(int,float)
  u                    getMinHeight()
  w                    updateText(int,android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  x                    updateTextPositions(int,float,boolean)
  y                    public setGravity(int)
  onAttachedToWindow   protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout             protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)
  requestLayout        public requestLayout()

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$1        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mx$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$Exception        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PageListener     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mx$l)
===============================================================================
  n            public onAdapterChanged(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter,android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  p            public onPageScrollStateChanged(int)
  r            public onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  z            public onPageSelected(int)
  onChanged    public onChanged()

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mx$a)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImplBase  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mx$h)
===============================================================================
  i    public setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImplIcs   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mx$t)
===============================================================================
  i    public setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x5)
===============================================================================
  n    public static setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_np)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs$SingleLineAllCapsTransform    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x5$s)
===============================================================================
  getTransformation    public getTransformation(java.lang.CharSequence,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ei)
===============================================================================
  k    public static setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  q    public static isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$1     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ei$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$BaseScaleGestureDetectorImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ei$p)
===============================================================================
  a    public setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  m    public isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKatImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ei$f)
===============================================================================
  a    public setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  m    public isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$ScaleGestureDetectorImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ei$z)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  m    public abstract isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKat (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ln)
===============================================================================
  d    public static setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  l    public static isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bh)
===============================================================================
  f    public static getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  v    public static getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$BaseVelocityTrackerVersionImpl     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bh$k)
===============================================================================
  c    public getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  x    public getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$HoneycombVelocityTrackerVersionImpl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bh$f)
===============================================================================
  c    public getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  x    public getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$VelocityTrackerVersionImpl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bh$p)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  x    public abstract getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompatHoneycomb   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_df)
===============================================================================
  k    public static getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  r    public static getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompatHoneycomb$Exception (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ed)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  a        public static setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  a        public static setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
  c        public static getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  c        public static setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  c        public static setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  c        public static setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  d        public static getLayerType(android.view.View)
  d        public static setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  e        public static getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  eval__   public static getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  eval_a   public static requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  eval_b   public static getPivotX(android.view.View)
  eval_c   public static getScaleX(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public static getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public static dispatchFinishTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public static getRotationY(android.view.View)
  eval_g   public static isOpaque(android.view.View)
  eval_h   public static getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  eval_k   public static getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
  eval_m   public static getRotationX(android.view.View)
  eval_n   public static getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  eval_o   public static getAlpha(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public static getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public static getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  eval_s   public static getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_t   public static getX(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public static animate(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public static getPivotY(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public static jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  eval_x   public static setElevation(android.view.View,float)
  eval_z   public static getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  f        public static postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  f        public static canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  f        public static setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  g        public static resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  h        public static getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  h        public static setY(android.view.View,float)
  i        public static getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  i        public static setX(android.view.View,float)
  i        public static setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  i        public static performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  i        public static postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  j        public static hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  j        public static setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  j        public static postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  k        public static getRotation(android.view.View)
  k        public static onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  l        public static getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  m        public static getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  m        public static setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  m        public static setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  n        public static hasAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
  n        public static setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  n        public static setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  n        public static setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  o        public static getScaleY(android.view.View)
  p        public static onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  p        public static setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  p        public static postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  q        public static dispatchStartTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  q        public static setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  q        public static setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)
  r        public static getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)
  s        public static getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  t        public static getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  t        public static setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  u        public static setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  v        public static getY(android.view.View)
  v        public static setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  v        public static setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  w        public static getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  x        public static getElevation(android.view.View)
  x        public static onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  x        public static setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  y        public static setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  z        public static setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  z        public static canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$AccessibilityLiveRegion       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$Api21ViewCompatImpl   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$l)
===============================================================================
  a        public setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  b        public getElevation(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  h        public setElevation(android.view.View,float)
  i        public setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  u        public getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  w        public requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  x        public setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$BaseViewCompatImpl    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$x)
===============================================================================
  a        public getY(android.view.View)
  a        public setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  a        public setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)
  a        public postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  a        public setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  b        public getElevation(android.view.View)
  b        public setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  b        public canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  c        public getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  c        public canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  d        public hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  d        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  e        public getPivotX(android.view.View)
  e        public setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  eval_c   public getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_f   public setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  eval_g   public postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  eval_h   public getScaleY(android.view.View)
  eval_h   public setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
  eval_i   public dispatchFinishTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  eval_k   public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  eval_n   public getRotationY(android.view.View)
  eval_o   public getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  eval_p   public animate(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public getRotation(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public setY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_s   public getX(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_x   public getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  eval_y   public getLayerType(android.view.View)
  f        public getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  f        public setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  g        public setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  h        public setElevation(android.view.View,float)
  h        public setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  i        public getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  i        public setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  i        public setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  k        getFrameTime()
  k        public getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  k        public setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  l        public getPivotY(android.view.View)
  l        public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  l        public setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  m        public getScaleX(android.view.View)
  m        public setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  m        public resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  n        public getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  o        public hasAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
  o        public setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  p        private bindTempDetach()
  p        public isOpaque(android.view.View)
  p        public setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  p        public setX(android.view.View,float)
  q        public getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  r        public getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)
  r        public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  s        public dispatchStartTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  t        public getRotationX(android.view.View)
  t        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  t        public setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  u        public getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  u        public setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  v        public getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  v        public setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  v        public setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  w        public requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  x        public getAlpha(android.view.View)
  x        public setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  y        public getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  z        public getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
  z        public postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$EclairMr1ViewCompatImpl       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$b)
===============================================================================
  h    public setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  p    public isOpaque(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$Exception     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$GBViewCompatImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$v)
===============================================================================
  a    public setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)
  r    public getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$HCViewCompatImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$eval_g)
===============================================================================
  a        public getY(android.view.View)
  a        public setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  b        public setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  e        public getPivotX(android.view.View)
  e        public setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  eval_c   public getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_h   public getScaleY(android.view.View)
  eval_k   public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  eval_n   public getRotationY(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public getRotation(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public setY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_s   public getX(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_y   public getLayerType(android.view.View)
  i        public getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  i        public setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  k        getFrameTime()
  l        public getPivotY(android.view.View)
  l        public setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  m        public getScaleX(android.view.View)
  m        public setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  m        public resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  p        public setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  p        public setX(android.view.View,float)
  t        public getRotationX(android.view.View)
  t        public setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  u        public setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  v        public getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  v        public setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  x        public getAlpha(android.view.View)
  y        public getMeasuredState(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ICSViewCompatImpl     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$n)
===============================================================================
  b        public canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  c        public canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  d        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  eval_p   public animate(android.view.View)
  f        public setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  l        public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  o        public hasAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
  t        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ImportantForAccessibility     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$e)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JBViewCompatImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$s)
===============================================================================
  a        public postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  c        public getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  d        public hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  eval_g   public postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  eval_o   public getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  f        public getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  g        public setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  n        public getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  q        public getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  r        public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  v        public setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  w        public requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  z        public postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JbMr1ViewCompatImpl   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$q)
===============================================================================
  eval_f   public setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  eval_l   public getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_x   public getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  k        public getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  k        public setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  o        public setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  p        public setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$KitKatViewCompatImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$d)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
  g        public setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  z        public getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$LayerType     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$u)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$LayoutDirectionMode   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$y)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$OverScroll    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ResolvedLayoutDirectionMode   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$eval_h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ViewCompatImpl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iz$eval_u)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getY(android.view.View)
  a        public abstract setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  a        public abstract setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)
  a        public abstract postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  a        public abstract setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  b        public abstract getElevation(android.view.View)
  b        public abstract setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  b        public abstract canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  c        public abstract getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  c        public abstract canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  d        public abstract hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  d        public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  e        public abstract getPivotX(android.view.View)
  e        public abstract setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  eval_c   public abstract getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public abstract getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public abstract getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public abstract setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_f   public abstract setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  eval_g   public abstract postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  eval_h   public abstract getScaleY(android.view.View)
  eval_h   public abstract setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
  eval_i   public abstract dispatchFinishTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public abstract postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  eval_k   public abstract jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public abstract getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  eval_n   public abstract getRotationY(android.view.View)
  eval_o   public abstract getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  eval_p   public abstract animate(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public abstract getRotation(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public abstract setY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_s   public abstract getX(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public abstract getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public abstract getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public abstract getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public abstract setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_x   public abstract getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  eval_y   public abstract getLayerType(android.view.View)
  f        public abstract getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  f        public abstract setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  g        public abstract setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  h        public abstract setElevation(android.view.View,float)
  h        public abstract setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  i        public abstract getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  i        public abstract setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  i        public abstract setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  k        public abstract getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  k        public abstract setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  l        public abstract getPivotY(android.view.View)
  l        public abstract onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  l        public abstract setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  m        public abstract getScaleX(android.view.View)
  m        public abstract setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  m        public abstract resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  n        public abstract getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  o        public abstract hasAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
  o        public abstract setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  p        public abstract isOpaque(android.view.View)
  p        public abstract setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  p        public abstract setX(android.view.View,float)
  q        public abstract getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  r        public abstract getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)
  r        public abstract performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  s        public abstract dispatchStartTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  t        public abstract getRotationX(android.view.View)
  t        public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  t        public abstract setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  u        public abstract getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  u        public abstract setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  v        public abstract getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  v        public abstract setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  v        public abstract setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  w        public abstract requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  x        public abstract getAlpha(android.view.View)
  x        public abstract setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  y        public abstract getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  z        public abstract getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
  z        public abstract postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ao)
===============================================================================
  d        public static getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  e        public static getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  eval_b   public static setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  eval_f   public static getElevation(android.view.View)
  k        public static setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  q        public static setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  q        public static setElevation(android.view.View,float)
  z        public static requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21$1        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ao$1)
===============================================================================
  onApplyWindowInsets  public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21$Exception        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatEclairMr1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rf)
===============================================================================
  j    public static setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  z    public static isOpaque(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatEclairMr1$IOException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatGingerbread    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qf)
===============================================================================
  h    public static getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)
  i    public static setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatGingerbread$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_av)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatHC     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qt)
===============================================================================
  a        public static setX(android.view.View,float)
  b        public static getX(android.view.View)
  b        public static setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  c        public static getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  d        static getFrameTime()
  d        public static setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  e        public static getAlpha(android.view.View)
  e        public static setY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_c   public static getScaleY(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public static getY(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public static getRotationY(android.view.View)
  eval_g   public static jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public static getScaleX(android.view.View)
  eval_s   public static setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  f        public static getPivotX(android.view.View)
  i        public static getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  i        public static setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  j        public static getPivotY(android.view.View)
  j        public static setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  k        public static setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  k        public static resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  n        public static getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  n        public static setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  o        public static setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  p        public static setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  p        public static setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  q        public static getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  r        public static getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  u        public static getLayerType(android.view.View)
  v        public static setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  w        public static getRotation(android.view.View)
  z        public static getRotationX(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICS    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k_)
===============================================================================
  o    public static canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  p    public static onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  q    public static setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  v    public static onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  w    public static canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  y    public static onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICS$ParseException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJB     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g4)
===============================================================================
  c        public static hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  d        public static getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public static postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  eval_j   public static postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  eval_w   public static getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public static requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  f        public static getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  h        public static performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  j        public static getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  k        public static postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  n        public static setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  o        public static postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  q        public static setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  t        public static getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  u        public static getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fs)
===============================================================================
  e        public static getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public static setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  j        public static getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  k        public static getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  o        public static setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  p        public static getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  u        public static getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  v        public static setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  y        public static setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatKitKat (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v8)
===============================================================================
  b    public static setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
  r    public static getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatKitKat$NullPointerException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yh)
===============================================================================
  b    public static getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
  l    public static hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$BaseViewConfigurationVersionImpl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yh$x)
===============================================================================
  d    public getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
  q    public hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$FroyoViewConfigurationVersionImpl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yh$g)
===============================================================================
  d    public getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$HoneycombViewConfigurationVersionImpl    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yh$a)
===============================================================================
  q    public hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$IcsViewConfigurationVersionImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yh$s)
===============================================================================
  q    public hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$ViewConfigurationVersionImpl     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yh$e)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
  q    public abstract hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatFroyo     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i0)
===============================================================================
  n    public static getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatFroyo$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatICS       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ms)
===============================================================================
  z    static hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatICS$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_re)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p0)
===============================================================================
  b        public static setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  d        public static setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  eval_r   public static onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  i        public static isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
  r        public static getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)
  r        public static setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$Exception        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatApi21Impl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p0$b)
===============================================================================
  c    public setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  x    public isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatHCImpl    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p0$p)
===============================================================================
  eval_e   public setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatIcsImpl   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p0$f)
===============================================================================
  h    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p0$j)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  eval_e   public abstract setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  h        public abstract onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  m        public abstract getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)
  r        public abstract setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  x        public abstract isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2Impl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p0$l)
===============================================================================
  m    public getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)
  r    public setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatStubImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p0$x)
===============================================================================
  c        public setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  eval_e   public setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  h        public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  m        public getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)
  r        public setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  x        public isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatApi21     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ce)
===============================================================================
  eval_v   public static isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
  t        public static setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatApi21$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xe)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatHC        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fa)
===============================================================================
  c    public static setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatIcs       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v5)
===============================================================================
  i    public static onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatIcs$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_iw)
===============================================================================
  o    public static getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)
  x    public static setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ay)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw)
===============================================================================
  a                                populate()
  b                                private endDrag()
  c                                static access$200(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
  c                                public executeKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  d                                private getClientWidth()
  d                                public setCurrentItem(int)
  d                                private scrollToItem(int,boolean,int,boolean)
  e                                setInternalPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
  eval_b                           private calculatePageOffsets(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo,int,android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo)
  eval_b                           infoForAnyChild(android.view.View)
  eval_c                           private sortChildDrawingOrder()
  eval_d                           private setScrollState(int)
  eval_h                           addNewItem(int,int)
  eval_k                           static access$400()
  eval_m                           pageRight()
  eval_v                           private infoForCurrentScrollPosition()
  eval_v                           populate(int)
  eval_w                           pageLeft()
  eval_x                           private setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
  f                                initViewPager()
  f                                private enableLayers(boolean)
  g                                public getOffscreenPageLimit()
  g                                private performDrag(float)
  g                                private isGutterDrag(float,float)
  g                                public arrowScroll(int)
  g                                setCurrentItemInternal(int,boolean,boolean)
  h                                public getAdapter()
  h                                setCurrentItemInternal(int,boolean,boolean,int)
  i                                private removeNonDecorViews()
  i                                setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabledCompat(boolean)
  i                                public setPageMarginDrawable(int)
  j                                public setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  k                                public isFakeDragging()
  k                                public setCurrentItem(int,boolean)
  l                                public endFakeDrag()
  l                                private getChildRectInPagerCoordinates(android.graphics.Rect,android.view.View)
  m                                public setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
  m                                static access$000(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager,int)
  n                                static access$300(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
  n                                smoothScrollTo(int,int,int)
  o                                private onSecondaryPointerUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
  o                                infoForChild(android.view.View)
  o                                public fakeDragBy(float)
  p                                private requestParentDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)
  p                                smoothScrollTo(int,int)
  q                                setOnAdapterChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener)
  q                                distanceInfluenceForSnapDuration(float)
  s                                dataSetChanged()
  s                                public setPageTransformer(boolean,android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PageTransformer)
  s                                public setPageMargin(int)
  t                                public setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  t                                infoForPosition(int)
  t                                protected onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  u                                private completeScroll(boolean)
  u                                private pageScrolled(int)
  u                                private recomputeScrollPosition(int,int,int,int)
  v                                public setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
  w                                public beginFakeDrag()
  x                                public getCurrentItem()
  x                                protected canScroll(android.view.View,boolean,int,int,int)
  y                                public getPageMargin()
  z                                private determineTargetPage(int,float,int,int)
  addFocusables                    public addFocusables(java.util.ArrayList,int,int)
  addTouchables                    public addTouchables(java.util.ArrayList)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  canScrollHorizontally            public canScrollHorizontally(int)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  computeScroll                    public computeScroll()
  dispatchKeyEvent                 public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  draw                             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawableStateChanged             protected drawableStateChanged()
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  getChildDrawingOrder             protected getChildDrawingOrder(int,int)
  onAttachedToWindow               protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onDraw                           protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInterceptTouchEvent            public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRequestFocusInDescendants      protected onRequestFocusInDescendants(int,android.graphics.Rect)
  onRestoreInstanceState           public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState              public onSaveInstanceState()
  onSizeChanged                    protected onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  removeView                       public removeView(android.view.View)
  verifyDrawable                   protected verifyDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$1)
===============================================================================
  e        public compare(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo,android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$2      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$2)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$3      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$Decor  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$IOException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$n)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$LayoutParams   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$z)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$MyAccessibilityDelegate        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$j)
===============================================================================
  eval_x   public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  g        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  p        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  q        private canScroll()

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$c)
===============================================================================
  n    public abstract onAdapterChanged(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter,android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$b)
===============================================================================
  p    public abstract onPageScrollStateChanged(int)
  r    public abstract onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  z    public abstract onPageSelected(int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PageTransformer        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$eval__)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract transformPage(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PagerObserver  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$a)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$f)
===============================================================================
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$f$1)
===============================================================================
  c    public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  t    public newArray(int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SimpleOnPageChangeListener     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$i)
===============================================================================
  p    public onPageScrollStateChanged(int)
  r    public onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  z    public onPageSelected(int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ViewPositionComparator (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gw$m)
===============================================================================
  r        public compare(android.view.View,android.view.View)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ze)
===============================================================================
  e    public static requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$NullPointerException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatICSImpl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ze$v)
===============================================================================
  u    public requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatImpl    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ze$h)
===============================================================================
  u    public abstract requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatStubImpl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ze$y)
===============================================================================
  u    public requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatICS      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t0)
===============================================================================
  e    public static requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatICS$IOException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il)
===============================================================================
  c        public setUpdateListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)
  d        public rotationBy(float)
  e        public alphaBy(float)
  e        public setDuration(long)
  eval__   public scaleXBy(float)
  eval_b   public rotationXBy(float)
  eval_d   public translationXBy(float)
  eval_g   public scaleX(float)
  eval_i   public rotationY(float)
  eval_m   public alpha(float)
  eval_t   public translationY(float)
  eval_z   static access$100(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  eval_z   public scaleY(float)
  h        public xBy(float)
  h        public withStartAction(java.lang.Runnable)
  i        public getStartDelay()
  i        static access$002(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,java.lang.Runnable)
  j        static access$000(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  l        public start()
  m        public cancel()
  m        static access$400(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  n        public withLayer()
  n        static access$402(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,int)
  n        public rotationYBy(float)
  o        public scaleYBy(float)
  q        public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  q        public setStartDelay(long)
  r        public yBy(float)
  s        public rotationX(float)
  u        public y(float)
  v        public translationYBy(float)
  w        public translationX(float)
  w        public withEndAction(java.lang.Runnable)
  x        public getInterpolator()
  x        public x(float)
  y        public getDuration()
  z        static access$102(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,java.lang.Runnable)
  z        public setInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  z        public rotation(float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$1     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$_)
===============================================================================
  a        public rotationBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  a        public setStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  b        public scaleX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  c        public xBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  d        public setInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  e        public getInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval__   public yBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_d   public scaleXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_e   public y(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_g   public alpha(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_h   public start(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval_i   public rotationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_n   public withLayer(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval_o   public x(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_s   private postStartMessage(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval_v   public translationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_x   public rotation(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_z   public translationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  h        public alphaBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  j        public scaleY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  k        public cancel(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  k        public scaleYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  l        public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  m        private removeStartMessage(android.view.View)
  o        public rotationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  o        public withStartAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  p        public setUpdateListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)
  r        public translationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  s        static access$200(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  u        private startAnimation(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  u        public rotationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  v        public rotationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  w        public getDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  y        public getStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  y        public setDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  z        public translationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  z        public withEndAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$Starter    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$_$l)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$b)
===============================================================================
  a        public rotationBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  a        public setStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  b        public scaleX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  c        public xBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  d        public setInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  eval__   public yBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_d   public scaleXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_e   public y(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_g   public alpha(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_h   public start(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval_i   public rotationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_n   public withLayer(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval_o   public x(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_v   public translationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_x   public rotation(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_z   public translationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  h        public alphaBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  j        public scaleY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  k        public cancel(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  k        public scaleYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  l        public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  o        public rotationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  o        public withStartAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  r        public translationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  u        public rotationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  v        public rotationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  w        public getDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  y        public getStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  y        public setDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  z        public translationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  z        public withEndAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$MyVpaListener       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$b$q)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  d    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  t    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$JBMr2ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$t)
===============================================================================
  e    public getInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$JBViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$w)
===============================================================================
  eval_n   public withLayer(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  l        public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  o        public withStartAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  z        public withEndAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$KitKatViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$u)
===============================================================================
  p    public setUpdateListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_il$eval_k)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract rotationBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  a        public abstract setStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  b        public abstract scaleX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  c        public abstract xBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  d        public abstract setInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  e        public abstract getInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval__   public abstract yBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_d   public abstract scaleXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_e   public abstract y(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_g   public abstract alpha(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_h   public abstract start(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval_i   public abstract rotationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_n   public abstract withLayer(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  eval_o   public abstract x(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_v   public abstract translationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_x   public abstract rotation(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_z   public abstract translationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  h        public abstract alphaBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  j        public abstract scaleY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  k        public abstract cancel(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  k        public abstract scaleYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  l        public abstract setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  o        public abstract rotationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  o        public abstract withStartAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  p        public abstract setUpdateListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)
  r        public abstract translationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  u        public abstract rotationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  v        public abstract rotationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  w        public abstract getDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  y        public abstract getStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  y        public abstract setDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  z        public abstract translationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  z        public abstract withEndAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ge)
===============================================================================
  a        public static start(android.view.View)
  a        public static setListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  b        public static scaleXBy(android.view.View,float)
  c        public static translationY(android.view.View,float)
  d        public static rotationXBy(android.view.View,float)
  e        public static rotationX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_d   public static translationXBy(android.view.View,float)
  eval_l   public static rotationBy(android.view.View,float)
  eval_m   public static alphaBy(android.view.View,float)
  eval_n   public static scaleX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_z   public static getStartDelay(android.view.View)
  h        public static getDuration(android.view.View)
  h        public static translationX(android.view.View,float)
  j        public static rotationYBy(android.view.View,float)
  l        public static alpha(android.view.View,float)
  l        public static setStartDelay(android.view.View,long)
  m        public static setInterpolator(android.view.View,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  n        public static xBy(android.view.View,float)
  o        public static scaleY(android.view.View,float)
  o        public static setDuration(android.view.View,long)
  p        public static translationYBy(android.view.View,float)
  t        public static rotation(android.view.View,float)
  u        public static scaleYBy(android.view.View,float)
  v        public static y(android.view.View,float)
  w        public static rotationY(android.view.View,float)
  x        public static cancel(android.view.View)
  x        public static x(android.view.View,float)
  z        public static yBy(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS$1  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ge$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationCancel    public onAnimationCancel(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.animation.Animator)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS$IOException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tt)
===============================================================================
  f    public static setListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  h    public static withStartAction(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  m    public static withLayer(android.view.View)
  y    public static withEndAction(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tt$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationCancel    public onAnimationCancel(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.animation.Animator)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJellybeanMr2   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d5)
===============================================================================
  t    public static getInterpolator(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJellybeanMr2$ParseException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mi)
===============================================================================
  v    public static setUpdateListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mi$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationUpdate    public onAnimationUpdate(android.animation.ValueAnimator)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wl)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  d    public abstract onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  t    public abstract onAnimationStart(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListenerAdapter      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vi)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  d    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  t    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListenerAdapter$Exception    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yo)
===============================================================================
  q    public abstract onAnimationUpdate(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener$IOException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.WindowCompat     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.WindowCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wg)
===============================================================================
  a        public replaceSystemWindowInsets(int,int,int,int)
  b        public getSystemWindowInsetBottom()
  eval_d   public getStableInsetBottom()
  eval_g   public getStableInsetLeft()
  eval_j   public isConsumed()
  eval_r   public getSystemWindowInsetTop()
  eval_v   public consumeSystemWindowInsets()
  f        public getStableInsetRight()
  f        public replaceSystemWindowInsets(android.graphics.Rect)
  j        public hasStableInsets()
  k        public hasInsets()
  l        public getStableInsetTop()
  n        public getSystemWindowInsetLeft()
  p        public isRound()
  w        public hasSystemWindowInsets()
  y        public getSystemWindowInsetRight()
  z        public consumeStableInsets()

android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompatApi21  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fk)
===============================================================================
  a        public replaceSystemWindowInsets(int,int,int,int)
  b        public getSystemWindowInsetBottom()
  eval_d   public getStableInsetBottom()
  eval_g   public getStableInsetLeft()
  eval_j   public isConsumed()
  eval_r   public getSystemWindowInsetTop()
  eval_v   public consumeSystemWindowInsets()
  f        public getStableInsetRight()
  f        public replaceSystemWindowInsets(android.graphics.Rect)
  j        public hasStableInsets()
  k        public hasInsets()
  l        public getStableInsetTop()
  n        public getSystemWindowInsetLeft()
  o        unwrap()
  p        public isRound()
  w        public hasSystemWindowInsets()
  y        public getSystemWindowInsetRight()
  z        public consumeStableInsets()

android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompatApi21$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ut)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wy)
===============================================================================
  e    public static appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat)
  f    public static asRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  x    public static getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  x    public static getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventIcsImpl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wy$p)
===============================================================================
  c    public getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  f    public getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
  z    public appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventStubImpl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wy$h)
===============================================================================
  c    public getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  f    public getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
  z    public appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventVersionImpl     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wy$f)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  f    public abstract getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
  z    public abstract appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$ParseException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatIcs        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gu)
===============================================================================
  a        public static setScrollable(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,boolean)
  eval_e   public static getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  eval_j   public static appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,java.lang.Object)
  h        public static getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatIcs$NullPointerException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hq)
===============================================================================
  a    public static removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  l    static access$000()
  l    public static getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)
  n    public static isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  r    public static addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  s    public static getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hq$k)
===============================================================================
  b    public removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  d    public getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)
  i    public newAccessiblityStateChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  j    public getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  k    public isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  o    public addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hq$k$1)
===============================================================================
  h    public onAccessibilityStateChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerStubImpl    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hq$t)
===============================================================================
  b    public removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  d    public getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)
  i    public newAccessiblityStateChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  j    public getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  k    public isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  o    public addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerVersionImpl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hq$u)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  d    public abstract getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)
  i    public abstract newAccessiblityStateChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  j    public abstract getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  k    public abstract isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  o    public abstract addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hq$j)
===============================================================================
  s    public abstract onAccessibilityStateChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$Exception       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kr)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)
  c    public static addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,java.lang.Object)
  h    public static isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  j    public static getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  s    public static newAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerBridge)
  v    public static removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$1    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kr$1)
===============================================================================
  onAccessibilityStateChanged  public onAccessibilityStateChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerBridge       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kr$n)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract onAccessibilityStateChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$ParseException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv)
===============================================================================
  a        public static obtain()
  a        public setLongClickable(boolean)
  a        public setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  b        public isLongClickable()
  b        public setFocused(boolean)
  c        public isVisibleToUser()
  c        public getBoundsInParent(android.graphics.Rect)
  d        public setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.String)
  e        public getText()
  e        public findFocus(int)
  eval__   public setEnabled(boolean)
  eval_b   public getContentDescription()
  eval_b   public addChild(android.view.View,int)
  eval_d   public isPassword()
  eval_d   public setBoundsInScreen(android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_e   public setAccessibilityFocused(boolean)
  eval_f   static access$000()
  eval_g   public isChecked()
  eval_h   public getCollectionItemInfo()
  eval_i   public isClickable()
  eval_j   public getActionList()
  eval_n   public getRangeInfo()
  eval_o   public setContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_p   public performAction(int)
  eval_q   public isFocused()
  eval_r   public addChild(android.view.View)
  eval_s   public isEnabled()
  eval_s   private static getActionSymbolicName(int)
  eval_t   public isFocusable()
  eval_w   public isAccessibilityFocused()
  f        public isScrollable()
  f        public setSource(android.view.View)
  f        public static obtain(android.view.View,int)
  g        public getLiveRegion()
  h        public getWindowId()
  h        public setChecked(boolean)
  h        public setLiveRegion(int)
  i        public getViewIdResourceName()
  i        public setVisibleToUser(boolean)
  i        public performAction(int,android.os.Bundle)
  i        public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String)
  j        public getActions()
  j        public setPackageName(java.lang.CharSequence)
  k        public getParent()
  k        public setSource(android.view.View,int)
  l        public recycle()
  m        public getChildCount()
  m        public setCheckable(boolean)
  m        public setMovementGranularities(int)
  m        public setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  n        public isCheckable()
  n        public addAction(int)
  o        public setBoundsInParent(android.graphics.Rect)
  o        public setSelected(boolean)
  o        static wrapNonNullInstance(java.lang.Object)
  p        public getInfo()
  q        public static obtain(android.view.View)
  q        public setFocusable(boolean)
  r        public setParent(android.view.View,int)
  r        public setScrollable(boolean)
  s        public focusSearch(int)
  u        public getPackageName()
  u        public static obtain(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  u        public setPassword(boolean)
  v        public getMovementGranularities()
  v        public setClickable(boolean)
  v        public getChild(int)
  w        public getClassName()
  x        public getCollectionInfo()
  y        public setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  z        public isSelected()
  z        public getBoundsInScreen(android.graphics.Rect)
  z        public setParent(android.view.View)
  z        public setClassName(java.lang.CharSequence)
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityActionCompat      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$r)
===============================================================================
  l    public getId()
  w    public getLabel()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoApi21Impl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$eval_y)
===============================================================================
  c    public addAction(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  h    public obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  h    public obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  s    public getActionList(java.lang.Object)
  y    public isCollectionItemSelected(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoIcsImpl   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$u)
===============================================================================
  a        public getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  a        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  a        public setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  b        public obtain()
  b        public isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  b        public getBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  b        public setCheckable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  c        public isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  c        public setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  c        public addAction(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  d        public setFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  d        public getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  e        public getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  e        public setFocusable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_a   public isSelected(java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public setBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_f   public isLongClickable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public setClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_l   public setBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_m   public isCheckable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_p   public getParent(java.lang.Object)
  eval_t   public isClickable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_u   public obtain(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public setLongClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_x   public isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public isFocusable(java.lang.Object)
  g        public isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  g        public getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  h        public getText(java.lang.Object)
  h        public setPackageName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public performAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  l        public setSelected(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  l        public setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  n        public getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  p        public isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  p        public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  q        public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  q        public setText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  r        public getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  r        public addAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  t        public getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  t        public addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  u        public setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  v        public getActions(java.lang.Object)
  v        public setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  x        public obtain(java.lang.Object)
  y        public setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$p)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  a        public abstract setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  a        public abstract addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  a        public abstract setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  a        public abstract focusSearch(java.lang.Object,int)
  b        public abstract obtain()
  b        public abstract obtain(android.view.View,int)
  b        public abstract isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  b        public abstract getBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  b        public abstract setCheckable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  c        public abstract isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  c        public abstract setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  c        public abstract addAction(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  d        public abstract getCollectionItemColumnSpan(java.lang.Object)
  d        public abstract setFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  d        public abstract getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  d        public abstract setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  e        public abstract getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  e        public abstract setFocusable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval__   public abstract getMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object)
  eval_a   public abstract isSelected(java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public abstract getRangeInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public abstract setBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_c   public abstract getCollectionItemRowIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public abstract isVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f   public abstract isLongClickable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public abstract setClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_j   public abstract getViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public abstract getCollectionItemColumnIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public abstract getCollectionInfoRowCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public abstract setBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_m   public abstract isCheckable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public abstract isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public abstract setAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_p   public abstract getParent(java.lang.Object)
  eval_r   public abstract getCollectionItemRowSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s   public abstract getCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_t   public abstract isClickable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_u   public abstract obtain(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public abstract isCollectionItemHeading(java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public abstract getLiveRegion(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public abstract setLongClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_x   public abstract isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_y   public abstract isCollectionInfoHierarchical(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public abstract isFocusable(java.lang.Object)
  g        public abstract isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  g        public abstract getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  h        public abstract obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  h        public abstract obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  h        public abstract getText(java.lang.Object)
  h        public abstract setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  h        public abstract setLiveRegion(java.lang.Object,int)
  h        public abstract setPackageName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public abstract setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public abstract performAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  l        public abstract setSelected(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  l        public abstract setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  m        public abstract getCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  n        public abstract getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  n        public abstract setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  n        public abstract setVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  p        public abstract isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  p        public abstract findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  q        public abstract recycle(java.lang.Object)
  q        public abstract setText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  r        public abstract getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  r        public abstract addAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  s        public abstract getActionList(java.lang.Object)
  s        public abstract setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  s        public abstract setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  t        public abstract getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  t        public abstract addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  t        public abstract setMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object,int)
  u        public abstract getCollectionInfoColumnCount(java.lang.Object)
  u        public abstract setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  v        public abstract getActions(java.lang.Object)
  v        public abstract setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  w        public abstract findFocus(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public abstract obtain(java.lang.Object)
  y        public abstract isCollectionItemSelected(java.lang.Object)
  y        public abstract setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  z        public abstract performAction(java.lang.Object,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanImpl     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$s)
===============================================================================
  a        public addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  a        public focusSearch(java.lang.Object,int)
  b        public obtain(android.view.View,int)
  eval__   public getMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public isVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public setAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  h        public setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  n        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  n        public setVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  t        public setMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object,int)
  w        public findFocus(java.lang.Object,int)
  z        public performAction(java.lang.Object,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanMr2Impl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$a)
===============================================================================
  eval_j   public getViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object)
  s        public setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoKitKatImpl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$eval_u)
===============================================================================
  d        public getCollectionItemColumnSpan(java.lang.Object)
  d        public setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public getRangeInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_c   public getCollectionItemRowIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public getCollectionItemColumnIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public getCollectionInfoRowCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_r   public getCollectionItemRowSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s   public getCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_u   public isCollectionItemHeading(java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public getLiveRegion(java.lang.Object)
  eval_y   public isCollectionInfoHierarchical(java.lang.Object)
  h        public obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  h        public obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  h        public setLiveRegion(java.lang.Object,int)
  m        public getCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  s        public setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  u        public getCollectionInfoColumnCount(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoStubImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$eval_g)
===============================================================================
  a        public getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  a        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  a        public addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  a        public setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  a        public focusSearch(java.lang.Object,int)
  b        public obtain()
  b        public obtain(android.view.View,int)
  b        public isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  b        public getBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  b        public setCheckable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  c        public isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  c        public setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  c        public addAction(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  d        public getCollectionItemColumnSpan(java.lang.Object)
  d        public setFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  d        public getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  d        public setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  e        public getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  e        public setFocusable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval__   public getMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object)
  eval_a   public isSelected(java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public getRangeInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public setBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_c   public getCollectionItemRowIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public isVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f   public isLongClickable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public setClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_j   public getViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public getCollectionItemColumnIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public getCollectionInfoRowCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public setBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_m   public isCheckable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public setAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_p   public getParent(java.lang.Object)
  eval_r   public getCollectionItemRowSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s   public getCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_t   public isClickable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_u   public obtain(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public isCollectionItemHeading(java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public getLiveRegion(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public setLongClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_x   public isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_y   public isCollectionInfoHierarchical(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public isFocusable(java.lang.Object)
  g        public isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  g        public getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  h        public obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  h        public obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  h        public getText(java.lang.Object)
  h        public setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  h        public setLiveRegion(java.lang.Object,int)
  h        public setPackageName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public performAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  l        public setSelected(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  l        public setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  m        public getCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  n        public getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  n        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  n        public setVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  p        public isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  p        public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  q        public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  q        public setText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  r        public getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  r        public addAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  s        public getActionList(java.lang.Object)
  s        public setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  s        public setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  t        public getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  t        public addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  t        public setMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object,int)
  u        public getCollectionInfoColumnCount(java.lang.Object)
  u        public setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  v        public getActions(java.lang.Object)
  v        public setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  w        public findFocus(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public obtain(java.lang.Object)
  y        public isCollectionItemSelected(java.lang.Object)
  y        public setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  z        public performAction(java.lang.Object,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionInfoCompat   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$o)
===============================================================================
  e    public static obtain(int,int,boolean,int)
  f    public getColumnCount()
  g    public isHierarchical()
  j    public getRowCount()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionItemInfoCompat       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$eval_d)
===============================================================================
  c        public getRowSpan()
  eval_g   static access$200(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionItemInfoCompat)
  f        public getRowIndex()
  g        public isSelected()
  k        public isHeading()
  n        public getColumnIndex()
  q        public static obtain(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  x        public getColumnSpan()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$NullPointerException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$RangeInfoCompat        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rv$z)
===============================================================================
  eval_b   public getMin()
  eval_z   public getCurrent()
  t        public getMax()
  x        public getType()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c5)
===============================================================================
  a    static getActionList(java.lang.Object)
  d    public static obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  k    public static obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  v    static addAction(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$AccessibilityAction       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c5$w)
===============================================================================
  j    static getLabel(java.lang.Object)
  z    static getId(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$CollectionItemInfo        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c5$n)
===============================================================================
  p    public static isSelected(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$NullPointerException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatIcs     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zq)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getParent(java.lang.Object)
  b        public static setFocusable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  c        public static isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  d        public static getText(java.lang.Object)
  d        public static addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  d        public static setSelected(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  e        public static setLongClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval__   public static isClickable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public static setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_e   public static isLongClickable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f   public static isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  eval_h   public static getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public static isFocusable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_m   public static isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  eval_m   public static setText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_n   public static obtain(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public static setBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_t   public static isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_u   public static performAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_y   public static getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public static isCheckable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public static setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_z   public static setPackageName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  f        public static obtain(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static getBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  g        public static findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  h        public static isSelected(java.lang.Object)
  i        public static getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  i        public static getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  j        public static getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  j        public static setBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  j        public static setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  k        public static getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  l        public static setCheckable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  l        public static setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  m        public static setFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  m        public static addAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  n        public static setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  o        public static isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  p        public static recycle(java.lang.Object)
  t        public static obtain()
  t        public static setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  v        public static setClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  v        public static setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  x        public static getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  z        public static getActions(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatIcs$IOException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__n)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellyBean       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f9)
===============================================================================
  b        public static obtain(android.view.View,int)
  c        public static setVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_z   public static performAction(java.lang.Object,int,android.os.Bundle)
  f        public static addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  i        public static getMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object)
  l        public static setAccesibilityFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  o        public static setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  o        public static setMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object,int)
  q        public static focusSearch(java.lang.Object,int)
  r        public static isVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object)
  u        public static isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  u        public static findFocus(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public static setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellyBean$Exception     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr2    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tb)
===============================================================================
  b    public static getViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object)
  r    public static setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr2$ParseException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ua)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pu)
===============================================================================
  h    static getRangeInfo(java.lang.Object)
  i    public static obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean)
  n    public static setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  s    public static setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  t    static getCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  v    public static obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  v    static getLiveRegion(java.lang.Object)
  x    static setLiveRegion(java.lang.Object,int)
  y    static getCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$CollectionInfo   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pu$d)
===============================================================================
  c    static getColumnCount(java.lang.Object)
  h    static getRowCount(java.lang.Object)
  j    static isHierarchical(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$CollectionItemInfo       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pu$p)
===============================================================================
  c        static isHeading(java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   static getRowIndex(java.lang.Object)
  j        static getColumnIndex(java.lang.Object)
  v        static getColumnSpan(java.lang.Object)
  w        static getRowSpan(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$RangeInfo        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pu$k)
===============================================================================
  h    static getType(java.lang.Object)
  i    static getCurrent(java.lang.Object)
  k    static getMin(java.lang.Object)
  q    static getMax(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vh)
===============================================================================
  g    public getProvider()
  g    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  t    public findFocus(int)
  t    public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  x    public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vh$t)
===============================================================================
  x    public abstract newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vh$c)
===============================================================================
  x    public newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vh$c$1)
===============================================================================
  a    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  g    public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  x    public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl$IOException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ew)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vh$p)
===============================================================================
  x    public newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl$1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vh$p$1)
===============================================================================
  c    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  h    public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  h    public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  j    public findFocus(int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl$NullPointerException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderStubImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vh$eval_b)
===============================================================================
  x    public newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$Exception  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y4)
===============================================================================
  v    public static newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y4$1)
===============================================================================
  createAccessibilityNodeInfo      public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  performAction                    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y4$c)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  g    public abstract findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  x    public abstract createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$IOException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uo)
===============================================================================
  i    public static newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$1    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uo$1)
===============================================================================
  createAccessibilityNodeInfo      public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  findFocus                        public findFocus(int)
  performAction                    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uo$m)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  h    public abstract createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  h    public abstract findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  j    public abstract findFocus(int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$NullPointerException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uc)
===============================================================================
  b        public getAddedCount()
  b        public setCurrentItemIndex(int)
  c        public getWindowId()
  c        public setChecked(boolean)
  d        public setFromIndex(int)
  e        public getToIndex()
  eval__   public static obtain()
  eval_c   public getFromIndex()
  eval_e   public recycle()
  eval_e   public setSource(android.view.View,int)
  eval_f   public getText()
  eval_f   public setRemovedCount(int)
  eval_g   public getBeforeText()
  eval_l   public setItemCount(int)
  eval_m   public getParcelableData()
  eval_o   public getContentDescription()
  eval_r   public setMaxScrollY(int)
  eval_u   public isChecked()
  eval_w   public getRemovedCount()
  eval_x   public getScrollX()
  eval_y   public getMaxScrollX()
  eval_y   public setAddedCount(int)
  eval_z   public isFullScreen()
  f        public isPassword()
  h        public getScrollY()
  h        public setParcelableData(android.os.Parcelable)
  h        public setSource(android.view.View)
  h        public setMaxScrollX(int)
  i        public getClassName()
  i        public setPassword(boolean)
  l        public getCurrentItemIndex()
  l        public setFullScreen(boolean)
  l        public setScrollX(int)
  n        public setContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public setClassName(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public getSource()
  r        public isEnabled()
  s        public static obtain(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat)
  s        public setEnabled(boolean)
  t        public getMaxScrollY()
  t        public setBeforeText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  w        public isScrollable()
  x        public getItemCount()
  x        public setToIndex(int)
  y        public setScrollable(boolean)
  z        public getImpl()
  z        public setScrollY(int)
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordIcsImpl       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uc$m)
===============================================================================
  a        public getSource(java.lang.Object)
  a        public setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  b        public getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  c        public isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  d        public getScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  eval__   public getItemCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_h   public getParcelableData(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  eval_p   public getText(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s   public isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public setScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_y   public getCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object)
  f        public getScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  f        public setCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  g        public setBeforeText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  h        public getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  h        public setItemCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  i        public obtain()
  i        public setParcelableData(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcelable)
  i        public setFullScreen(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public getRemovedCount(java.lang.Object)
  l        public getBeforeText(java.lang.Object)
  m        public isFullScreen(java.lang.Object)
  n        public getFromIndex(java.lang.Object)
  q        public getToIndex(java.lang.Object)
  q        public setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  r        public getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  s        public obtain(java.lang.Object)
  s        public setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  s        public setToIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  t        public setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  u        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  u        public setAddedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  w        public setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  x        public isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  x        public setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  x        public setScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  y        public setFromIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  z        public getAddedCount(java.lang.Object)
  z        public setRemovedCount(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordIcsMr1Impl    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uc$o)
===============================================================================
  eval_x   public setMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  k        public getMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  m        public setMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  p        public getMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uc$k)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getSource(java.lang.Object)
  a        public abstract setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  b        public abstract getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  c        public abstract isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  d        public abstract getScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  eval__   public abstract getItemCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_h   public abstract getParcelableData(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public abstract isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  eval_p   public abstract getText(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s   public abstract isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public abstract recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public abstract setScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_x   public abstract setMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_y   public abstract getCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object)
  f        public abstract getScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  f        public abstract setCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  g        public abstract setBeforeText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  h        public abstract getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  h        public abstract setItemCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  i        public abstract obtain()
  i        public abstract setParcelableData(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcelable)
  i        public abstract setFullScreen(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public abstract getRemovedCount(java.lang.Object)
  k        public abstract getMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  l        public abstract getBeforeText(java.lang.Object)
  m        public abstract isFullScreen(java.lang.Object)
  m        public abstract setMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  n        public abstract getFromIndex(java.lang.Object)
  p        public abstract getMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  q        public abstract getToIndex(java.lang.Object)
  q        public abstract setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  r        public abstract getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  s        public abstract obtain(java.lang.Object)
  s        public abstract setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  s        public abstract setToIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  t        public abstract setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  u        public abstract setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  u        public abstract setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  u        public abstract setAddedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  w        public abstract setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  x        public abstract isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  x        public abstract setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  x        public abstract setScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  y        public abstract setFromIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  z        public abstract getAddedCount(java.lang.Object)
  z        public abstract setRemovedCount(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordJellyBeanImpl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uc$q)
===============================================================================
  u    public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordStubImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uc$u)
===============================================================================
  a        public getSource(java.lang.Object)
  a        public setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  b        public getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  c        public isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  d        public getScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  eval__   public getItemCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_h   public getParcelableData(java.lang.Object)
  eval_k   public isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  eval_p   public getText(java.lang.Object)
  eval_s   public isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public setScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_x   public setMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_y   public getCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object)
  f        public getScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  f        public setCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  g        public setBeforeText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  h        public getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  h        public setItemCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  i        public obtain()
  i        public setParcelableData(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcelable)
  i        public setFullScreen(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public getRemovedCount(java.lang.Object)
  k        public getMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  l        public getBeforeText(java.lang.Object)
  m        public isFullScreen(java.lang.Object)
  m        public setMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  n        public getFromIndex(java.lang.Object)
  p        public getMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  q        public getToIndex(java.lang.Object)
  q        public setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  r        public getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  s        public obtain(java.lang.Object)
  s        public setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  s        public setToIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  t        public setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  u        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  u        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  u        public setAddedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  w        public setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  x        public isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  x        public setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  x        public setScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  y        public setFromIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  z        public getAddedCount(java.lang.Object)
  z        public setRemovedCount(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$IOException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_su)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcs       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_at)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getSource(java.lang.Object)
  a        public static setParcelableData(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcelable)
  b        public static isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  b        public static setItemCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  d        public static getFromIndex(java.lang.Object)
  e        public static isFullScreen(java.lang.Object)
  eval_a   public static setFullScreen(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_c   public static getItemCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_e   public static getRemovedCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public static recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public static getScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  eval_m   public static isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public static setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_w   public static getCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public static isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static setFromIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  g        public static getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  h        public static getBeforeText(java.lang.Object)
  h        public static setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public static getParcelableData(java.lang.Object)
  l        public static getToIndex(java.lang.Object)
  l        public static setToIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  m        public static obtain(java.lang.Object)
  m        public static setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  n        public static getScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  n        public static setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  o        public static isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  r        public static setAddedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  s        public static setRemovedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  t        public static obtain()
  t        public static setScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  t        public static setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  u        public static getAddedCount(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static getText(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static setScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  v        public static setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  w        public static getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  w        public static setBeforeText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  x        public static setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  x        public static setCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  y        public static getClassName(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcsMr1    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ds)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  b    public static getMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  j    public static setMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  n    public static setMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcsMr1$Exception  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatJellyBean (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g7)
===============================================================================
  n    public static setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatJellyBean$ParseException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_so)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x9)
===============================================================================
  a        private computeTargetVelocity(int,float,float,float)
  b        static access$400(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  c        public abstract scrollTargetBy(int,int)
  d        private requestStop()
  d        static access$202(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper,boolean)
  d        public abstract canTargetScrollHorizontally(int)
  eval_a   private getEdgeValue(float,float,float,float)
  eval_c   private constrainEdgeValue(float,float)
  eval_k   static access$502(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper,boolean)
  eval_s   public setRampUpDuration(int)
  j        static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  k        static access$600(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  k        public setRelativeEdges(float,float)
  l        public isEnabled()
  n        public isExclusive()
  n        static access$900(float,float,float)
  n        public setRampDownDuration(int)
  n        private static constrain(int,int,int)
  o        static access$102(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper,boolean)
  p        public setMaximumEdges(float,float)
  q        public setRelativeVelocity(float,float)
  q        public setActivationDelay(int)
  r        private shouldAnimate()
  r        public abstract canTargetScrollVertically(int)
  s        private startAnimating()
  s        public setMinimumVelocity(float,float)
  s        private static constrain(float,float,float)
  s        static access$800(int,int,int)
  t        public setEdgeType(int)
  u        static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  w        static access$500(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  x        public setEnabled(boolean)
  x        public setMaximumVelocity(float,float)
  y        static access$700(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  y        public setExclusive(boolean)
  z        private cancelTargetTouch()
  z        static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  onTouch  public onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$1     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x9$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ClampedScroller       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x9$w)
===============================================================================
  c        public getHorizontalDirection()
  d        public setRampUpDuration(int)
  eval_b   public getDeltaY()
  g        private getValueAt(long)
  h        public getDeltaX()
  n        public requestStop()
  r        public start()
  t        public getVerticalDirection()
  t        public setRampDownDuration(int)
  x        private interpolateValue(float)
  x        public setTargetVelocity(float,float)
  y        public computeScrollDelta()
  z        public isFinished()

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ScrollAnimationRunnable       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x9$z)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.BakedBezierInterpolator        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__y)
===============================================================================
  o                public static final getInstance()
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.widget.BakedBezierInterpolator$Exception      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d1)
===============================================================================
  m                    public setAnimationListener(android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  n                    private elevationSupported()
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd()
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart()
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)
  setBackgroundColor   public setBackgroundColor(int)

android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView$OvalShadow     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d1$z)
===============================================================================
  draw public draw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)

android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ro)
===============================================================================
  b                    public hide()
  b                    static access$002(android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar,boolean)
  d                    static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar)
  h                    static access$202(android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar,boolean)
  l                    public show()
  u                    static access$102(android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar,long)
  x                    private removeCallbacks()
  onAttachedToWindow   public onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow public onDetachedFromWindow()

android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$1    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ro$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$2    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ro$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u2)
===============================================================================
  b                protected init(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,boolean)
  d                public getCursor()
  d                public abstract newView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  d                public runQueryOnBackgroundThread(java.lang.CharSequence)
  e                init(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,int)
  h                public convertToString(android.database.Cursor)
  h                public abstract bindView(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor)
  j                public changeCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  n                public setFilterQueryProvider(android.widget.FilterQueryProvider)
  r                public getFilterQueryProvider()
  v                protected onContentChanged()
  v                public newDropDownView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  x                public swapCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  getCount         public getCount()
  getDropDownView  public getDropDownView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getFilter        public getFilter()
  getItem          public getItem(int)
  getItemId        public getItemId(int)
  getView          public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  hasStableIds     public hasStableIds()

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$1        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u2$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$ChangeObserver   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u2$i)
===============================================================================
  deliverSelfNotifications public deliverSelfNotifications()
  onChange                 public onChange(boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$Exception        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$MyDataSetObserver        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u2$l)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sb)
===============================================================================
  convertResultToString    public convertResultToString(java.lang.Object)
  performFiltering         protected performFiltering(java.lang.CharSequence)
  publishResults           protected publishResults(java.lang.CharSequence,android.widget.Filter$FilterResults)

android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter$CursorFilterClient        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sb$r)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract getCursor()
  d    public abstract runQueryOnBackgroundThread(java.lang.CharSequence)
  h    public abstract convertToString(android.database.Cursor)
  j    public abstract changeCursor(android.database.Cursor)

android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter$IOException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz)
===============================================================================
  a                                public getDrawerTitle(int)
  b                                private findVisibleDrawer()
  b                                dispatchOnDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  c                                private updateChildrenImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,boolean)
  d                                moveDrawerToOffset(android.view.View,float)
  d                                public getDrawerLockMode(int)
  e                                findOpenDrawer()
  e                                getDrawerViewAbsoluteGravity(android.view.View)
  e                                setDrawerViewOffset(android.view.View,float)
  eval_d                           private static hasOpaqueBackground(android.view.View)
  eval_f                           isDrawerView(android.view.View)
  eval_f                           findDrawerWithGravity(int)
  eval_g                           checkDrawerViewAbsoluteGravity(android.view.View,int)
  eval_m                           private static includeChildForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  eval_t                           closeDrawers(boolean)
  f                                public isDrawerOpen(android.view.View)
  f                                public setChildInsets(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  g                                static access$200()
  g                                public isDrawerVisible(int)
  g                                public setDrawerLockMode(int,int)
  h                                cancelChildViewTouch()
  j                                static access$400(android.view.View)
  k                                public setDrawerListener(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener)
  l                                public setDrawerLockMode(int,android.view.View)
  n                                public closeDrawers()
  n                                public openDrawer(android.view.View)
  n                                public setDrawerLockMode(int)
  o                                public setStatusBarBackground(int)
  p                                private hasVisibleDrawer()
  p                                getDrawerViewOffset(android.view.View)
  p                                public setScrimColor(int)
  q                                dispatchOnDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)
  q                                public isDrawerOpen(int)
  r                                public setDrawerShadow(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  s                                public setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t                                dispatchOnDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  t                                static gravityToString(int)
  t                                updateDrawerState(int,int,android.view.View)
  u                                static access$100()
  u                                static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout)
  v                                public closeDrawer(android.view.View)
  v                                public closeDrawer(int)
  w                                public getDrawerLockMode(android.view.View)
  w                                public setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
  w                                public setDrawerShadow(int,int)
  x                                public openDrawer(int)
  y                                private hasPeekingDrawer()
  y                                public isDrawerVisible(android.view.View)
  z                                isContentView(android.view.View)
  z                                public setDrawerTitle(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  computeScroll                    public computeScroll()
  drawChild                        protected drawChild(android.graphics.Canvas,android.view.View,long)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onAttachedToWindow               protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onDraw                           public onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInterceptTouchEvent            public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onKeyDown                        public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyUp                          public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState           protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState              protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent   public requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)
  requestLayout                    public requestLayout()

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$AccessibilityDelegate     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$u)
===============================================================================
  eval_l   public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  g        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  j        private addChildrenForAccessibility(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat,android.view.ViewGroup)
  o        public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  p        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  w        private copyNodeInfoNoChildren(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ChildAccessibilityDelegate        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$r)
===============================================================================
  g    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImpl    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$d)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract configureApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  g    public abstract getTopInset(java.lang.Object)
  p    public abstract applyMarginInsets(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,java.lang.Object,int)
  t    public abstract dispatchChildInsets(android.view.View,java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImplApi21       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$w)
===============================================================================
  b    public configureApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  g    public getTopInset(java.lang.Object)
  p    public applyMarginInsets(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,java.lang.Object,int)
  t    public dispatchChildInsets(android.view.View,java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImplBase        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$_)
===============================================================================
  b    public configureApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  g    public getTopInset(java.lang.Object)
  p    public applyMarginInsets(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,java.lang.Object,int)
  t    public dispatchChildInsets(android.view.View,java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$eval_f)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract onDrawerStateChanged(int)
  o    public abstract onDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  w    public abstract onDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  y    public abstract onDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$EdgeGravity       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$eval_m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$IOException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__e)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LayoutParams      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LockMode  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$n)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState$1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$n$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState$Exception      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ft)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SimpleDrawerListener      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$x)
===============================================================================
  j    public onDrawerStateChanged(int)
  o    public onDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  w    public onDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  y    public onDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$State     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$eval_w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$e)
===============================================================================
  c        public tryCaptureView(android.view.View,int)
  d        public onEdgeDragStarted(int,int)
  e        public onEdgeLock(int)
  eval_k   public removeCallbacks()
  g        private closeOtherDrawer()
  i        static access$000(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback)
  j        public onViewReleased(android.view.View,float,float)
  j        public onViewCaptured(android.view.View,int)
  l        public clampViewPositionHorizontal(android.view.View,int,int)
  n        public onViewDragStateChanged(int)
  q        public getViewHorizontalDragRange(android.view.View)
  u        private peekDrawer()
  u        public clampViewPositionVertical(android.view.View,int,int)
  w        public setDragger(android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper)
  y        public onViewPositionChanged(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  y        public onEdgeTouched(int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback$1        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yz$e$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback$NullPointerException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ek)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zf)
===============================================================================
  g    public static configureApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  q    public static applyMarginInsets(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,java.lang.Object,int)
  s    public static dispatchChildInsets(android.view.View,java.lang.Object,int)
  w    public static getTopInset(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21$Exception      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21$InsetsListener (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zf$t)
===============================================================================
  onApplyWindowInsets  public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutImpl       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m_)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract setChildInsets(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutImpl$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_li)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a7)
===============================================================================
  c    public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  e    public onAbsorb(int)
  f    public isFinished()
  o    public finish()
  r    public onRelease()
  u    public setSize(int,int)
  z    public onPull(float)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$BaseEdgeEffectImpl    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a7$b)
===============================================================================
  c    public onPull(java.lang.Object,float)
  f    public onRelease(java.lang.Object)
  k    public onAbsorb(java.lang.Object,int)
  m    public newEdgeEffect(android.content.Context)
  p    public finish(java.lang.Object)
  w    public draw(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Canvas)
  w    public setSize(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  x    public isFinished(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectIcsImpl     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a7$s)
===============================================================================
  c    public onPull(java.lang.Object,float)
  f    public onRelease(java.lang.Object)
  k    public onAbsorb(java.lang.Object,int)
  m    public newEdgeEffect(android.content.Context)
  p    public finish(java.lang.Object)
  w    public draw(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Canvas)
  w    public setSize(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  x    public isFinished(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectImpl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a7$eval_w)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract onPull(java.lang.Object,float)
  f    public abstract onRelease(java.lang.Object)
  k    public abstract onAbsorb(java.lang.Object,int)
  m    public abstract newEdgeEffect(android.content.Context)
  p    public abstract finish(java.lang.Object)
  w    public abstract draw(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Canvas)
  w    public abstract setSize(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  x    public abstract isFinished(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatIcs    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__d)
===============================================================================
  a    public static finish(java.lang.Object)
  f    public static onAbsorb(java.lang.Object,int)
  o    public static onPull(java.lang.Object,float)
  r    public static isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  r    public static setSize(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  x    public static onRelease(java.lang.Object)
  y    public static draw(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Canvas)
  z    public static newEdgeEffect(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatIcs$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ya)
===============================================================================
  a        private createNode(int)
  b        protected abstract onPerformActionForVirtualView(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  c        public sendEventForVirtualView(int,int)
  c        private performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  e        private isAccessibilityFocused(int)
  e        protected abstract onPopulateNodeForVirtualView(int,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  eval_l   private clearAccessibilityFocus(int)
  g        static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper,int)
  h        protected abstract onPopulateEventForVirtualView(int,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  k        private intersectVisibleToUser(android.graphics.Rect)
  k        public dispatchHoverEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  l        protected abstract getVirtualViewAt(float,float)
  l        public invalidateVirtualView(int)
  l        private manageFocusForChild(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  m        public invalidateRoot()
  o        private createEvent(int,int)
  q        private updateHoveredVirtualView(int)
  q        private performActionForHost(int,android.os.Bundle)
  q        private createEventForChild(int,int)
  t        static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper,int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  u        public getFocusedVirtualView()
  v        private requestAccessibilityFocus(int)
  w        public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  x        private createNodeForHost()
  x        private createNodeForChild(int)
  x        private performActionForChild(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  x        protected abstract getVisibleVirtualViews(java.util.List)
  y        private createEventForHost(int)

android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ya$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_aj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$ExploreByTouchNodeProvider        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ya$n)
===============================================================================
  g    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  x    public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ju)
===============================================================================
  c    public static createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$BaseListPopupWindowImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ju$k)
===============================================================================
  h    public createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$KitKatListPopupWindowImpl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ju$u)
===============================================================================
  h    public createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$ListPopupWindowImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ju$l)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompatKitKat    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ht)
===============================================================================
  r    public static createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompatKitKat$IOException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ListViewAutoScrollHelper       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g5)
===============================================================================
  c    public scrollTargetBy(int,int)
  d    public canTargetScrollHorizontally(int)
  r    public canTargetScrollVertically(int)

android.support.v4.widget.ListViewAutoScrollHelper$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oo)
===============================================================================
  c                    public setStartEndTrim(float,float)
  eval_v               setRotation(float)
  eval_w               private setupAnimators()
  f                    static access$300()
  g                    public transient setColorSchemeColors(int[])
  h                    static access$500(android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable)
  i                    static access$400()
  i                    public setProgressRotation(float)
  l                    private setSizeParameters(double,double,double,double,float,float)
  m                    static access$502(android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable,float)
  m                    public setBackgroundColor(int)
  n                    private getRotation()
  q                    public updateSizes(int)
  r                    static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable,float,android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring)
  t                    public showArrow(boolean)
  u                    private applyFinishTranslation(float,android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring)
  w                    public setArrowScale(float)
  draw                 public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getAlpha             public getAlpha()
  getIntrinsicHeight   public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth    public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getOpacity           public getOpacity()
  isRunning            public isRunning()
  setAlpha             public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter       public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  start                public start()
  stop                 public stop()

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$1     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oo$1)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$2     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oo$2)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$3     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oo$3)
===============================================================================
  invalidateDrawable   public invalidateDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  scheduleDrawable     public scheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  unscheduleDrawable   public unscheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$EndCurveInterpolator  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oo$w)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$ProgressDrawableSize  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oo$l)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oo$c)
===============================================================================
  a        public getEndTrim()
  a        private drawTriangle(android.graphics.Canvas,float,float,android.graphics.Rect)
  a        public setInsets(int,int)
  b        public setStrokeWidth(float)
  c        public goToNextColor()
  c        public setShowArrow(boolean)
  d        public setBackgroundColor(int)
  e        public setAlpha(int)
  eval__   public getStartingEndTrim()
  eval__   public setRotation(float)
  eval_e   private invalidateSelf()
  eval_f   public resetOriginals()
  eval_n   public setColors(int[])
  eval_y   public storeOriginals()
  f        public getStrokeWidth()
  i        public getRotation()
  i        public setStartTrim(float)
  k        public getStartTrim()
  l        public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  n        public getStartingStartTrim()
  n        public setCenterRadius(double)
  p        public getStartingRotation()
  r        public getInsets()
  t        public setColorIndex(int)
  u        public setEndTrim(float)
  w        public getCenterRadius()
  w        public setArrowDimensions(float,float)
  y        public getAlpha()
  y        public draw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Rect)
  z        public setArrowScale(float)

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$StartCurveInterpolator        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oo$g)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s7)
===============================================================================
  y    public static getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$BasePopupMenuImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s7$p)
===============================================================================
  h    public getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$KitKatPopupMenuImpl    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s7$l)
===============================================================================
  h    public getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$PopupMenuImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s7$w)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompatKitKat  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sy)
===============================================================================
  n    public static getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompatKitKat$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ak)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__k)
===============================================================================
  r    public static showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$BasePopupWindowImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__k$t)
===============================================================================
  p    public showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$IOException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_et)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$KitKatPopupWindowImpl        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__k$s)
===============================================================================
  p    public showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$PopupWindowImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__k$w)
===============================================================================
  p    public abstract showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatKitKat        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bs)
===============================================================================
  t    public static showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatKitKat$Exception      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j7)
===============================================================================
  b    public setDropDownViewResource(int)
  d    public newView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  o    public setViewResource(int)
  v    public newDropDownView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v4.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hr)
===============================================================================
  a        public getCurrX()
  b        public static create(android.content.Context)
  c        public isFinished()
  eval_b   public abortAnimation()
  eval_v   public getCurrVelocity()
  eval_x   public computeScrollOffset()
  f        public isOverScrolled()
  h        public getFinalY()
  h        public static create(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  i        public fling(int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  n        public fling(int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  s        public getCurrY()
  s        public startScroll(int,int,int,int,int)
  t        public notifyVerticalEdgeReached(int,int,int)
  u        public notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(int,int,int)
  v        public getFinalX()
  z        public startScroll(int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$NullPointerException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_si)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hr$m)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getCurrY(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public abstract computeScrollOffset(java.lang.Object)
  h        public abstract abortAnimation(java.lang.Object)
  h        public abstract notifyVerticalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  h        public abstract startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int)
  j        public abstract isOverScrolled(java.lang.Object)
  m        public abstract isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  q        public abstract fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  r        public abstract getCurrX(java.lang.Object)
  s        public abstract getFinalX(java.lang.Object)
  s        public abstract fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  u        public abstract getFinalY(java.lang.Object)
  v        public abstract notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  w        public abstract startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int)
  x        public abstract createScroller(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  z        public abstract getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplBase  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hr$v)
===============================================================================
  a        public getCurrY(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public computeScrollOffset(java.lang.Object)
  h        public abortAnimation(java.lang.Object)
  h        public notifyVerticalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  h        public startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int)
  j        public isOverScrolled(java.lang.Object)
  m        public isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  q        public fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  r        public getCurrX(java.lang.Object)
  s        public getFinalX(java.lang.Object)
  s        public fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  u        public getFinalY(java.lang.Object)
  v        public notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  w        public startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int)
  x        public createScroller(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  z        public getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplGingerbread   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hr$a)
===============================================================================
  a        public getCurrY(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public computeScrollOffset(java.lang.Object)
  h        public abortAnimation(java.lang.Object)
  h        public notifyVerticalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  h        public startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int)
  j        public isOverScrolled(java.lang.Object)
  m        public isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  q        public fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  r        public getCurrX(java.lang.Object)
  s        public getFinalX(java.lang.Object)
  s        public fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  u        public getFinalY(java.lang.Object)
  v        public notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  w        public startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int)
  x        public createScroller(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  z        public getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplIcs   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hr$r)
===============================================================================
  z    public getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatGingerbread      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jd)
===============================================================================
  c        public static getCurrX(java.lang.Object)
  e        public static startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int)
  e        public static startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int)
  eval_a   public static notifyVerticalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  eval_w   public static isOverScrolled(java.lang.Object)
  g        public static fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  j        public static abortAnimation(java.lang.Object)
  n        public static createScroller(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  q        public static isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  r        public static getFinalX(java.lang.Object)
  r        public static notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  u        public static getCurrY(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  w        public static getFinalY(java.lang.Object)
  x        public static computeScrollOffset(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatGingerbread$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatIcs      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hp)
===============================================================================
  q    public static getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatIcs$IOException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_c0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb)
===============================================================================
  d    public static isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  f    public static setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  g    public static setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)
  h    public static setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  j    public static setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  k    public static setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  l    public static setInputType(android.view.View,int)
  n    public static newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  n    public static getQuery(android.view.View)
  n    public static setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  q    static access$000()
  r    public static setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  u    public static isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  v    public static setOnQueryTextListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat)
  x    public static isIconified(android.view.View)
  x    public static setOnCloseListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat)
  x    public static setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb$k)
===============================================================================
  r    public onClose()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb$b)
===============================================================================
  c    public onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  o    public onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb$j)
===============================================================================
  a    public isIconified(android.view.View)
  a    public setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  b    public newOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat)
  b    public isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  i    public getQuery(android.view.View)
  i    public setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  i    public setOnCloseListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  l    public newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  n    public isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  o    public newOnCloseListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat)
  q    public setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  r    public setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  u    public setOnQueryTextListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  w    public setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  y    public setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)
  y    public setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$1       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb$j$1)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  p        public onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$2       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb$j$2)
===============================================================================
  j    public onClose()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$ParseException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatIcsImpl       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb$y)
===============================================================================
  eval_l   public setInputType(android.view.View,int)
  f        public setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  l        public newSearchView(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatImpl  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb$g)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract isIconified(android.view.View)
  a        public abstract setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  b        public abstract newOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat)
  b        public abstract isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public abstract setInputType(android.view.View,int)
  f        public abstract setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  i        public abstract getQuery(android.view.View)
  i        public abstract setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  i        public abstract setOnCloseListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  l        public abstract newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  n        public abstract isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  o        public abstract newOnCloseListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat)
  q        public abstract setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  r        public abstract setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  u        public abstract setOnQueryTextListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  w        public abstract setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  y        public abstract setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)
  y        public abstract setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatStubImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gb$eval_l)
===============================================================================
  a        public isIconified(android.view.View)
  a        public setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  b        public newOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat)
  b        public isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public setInputType(android.view.View,int)
  f        public setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  i        public getQuery(android.view.View)
  i        public setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  i        public setOnCloseListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  l        public newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  n        public isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  o        public newOnCloseListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat)
  q        public setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  r        public setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  u        public setOnQueryTextListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  w        public setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  y        public setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)
  y        public setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zp)
===============================================================================
  c        public static newOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnQueryTextListenerCompatBridge)
  d        public static setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  eval_a   public static setOnCloseListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  eval_u   public static isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  g        public static setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  i        public static setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public static newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  j        public static setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  l        public static isIconified(android.view.View)
  l        public static setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  q        public static setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  r        public static getQuery(android.view.View)
  s        public static newOnCloseListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnCloseListenerCompatBridge)
  s        public static isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  s        public static setOnQueryTextListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  t        public static setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$1    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zp$1)
===============================================================================
  onQueryTextChange    public onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  onQueryTextSubmit    public onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$2    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zp$2)
===============================================================================
  onClose  public onClose()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ui)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnCloseListenerCompatBridge  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zp$y)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract onClose()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnQueryTextListenerCompatBridge      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zp$r)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public abstract onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  p        public abstract onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_by)
===============================================================================
  e    public static newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  p    public static setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  t    public static setInputType(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs$MySearchView       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_by$s)
===============================================================================
  onActionViewCollapsed    public onActionViewCollapsed()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vk)
===============================================================================
  e        public changeCursorAndColumns(android.database.Cursor,java.lang.String[],int[])
  eval_s   public getCursorToStringConverter()
  h        public convertToString(android.database.Cursor)
  h        public bindView(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor)
  i        public setViewImage(android.widget.ImageView,java.lang.String)
  k        public setViewBinder(android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$ViewBinder)
  q        public setCursorToStringConverter(android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$CursorToStringConverter)
  q        public setStringConversionColumn(int)
  u        public getViewBinder()
  w        public getStringConversionColumn()
  w        public setViewText(android.widget.TextView,java.lang.String)
  w        private findColumns(java.lang.String[])
  x        public swapCursor(android.database.Cursor)

android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$CursorToStringConverter    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vk$a)
===============================================================================
  w    public abstract convertToString(android.database.Cursor)

android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$ViewBinder (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vk$l)
===============================================================================
  m    public abstract setViewValue(android.view.View,android.database.Cursor,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1)
===============================================================================
  a                            public closePane()
  a                            static access$1000(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)
  b                            protected canScroll(android.view.View,boolean,int,int,int)
  b                            private openPane(android.view.View,int)
  c                            public canSlide()
  d                            public smoothSlideOpen()
  e                            private closePane(android.view.View,int)
  e                            public setShadowResourceRight(int)
  eval_b                       public isOpen()
  eval_k                       private invalidateChildRegion(android.view.View)
  eval_l                       public setShadowResource(int)
  eval_o                       public setCoveredFadeColor(int)
  eval_r                       public setShadowDrawableRight(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_t                       public isSlideable()
  eval_z                       updateObscuredViewsVisibility(android.view.View)
  f                            public openPane()
  f                            static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  f                            private parallaxOtherViews(float)
  g                            public setShadowDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  g                            static access$600(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,int)
  h                            static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  h                            private dimChildView(android.view.View,float,int)
  i                            private isLayoutRtlSupport()
  k                            public getSliderFadeColor()
  l                            static access$502(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,boolean)
  n                            private static viewIsOpaque(android.view.View)
  n                            public setSliderFadeColor(int)
  o                            public setPanelSlideListener(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener)
  p                            public smoothSlideClosed()
  p                            isDimmed(android.view.View)
  r                            dispatchOnPanelSlide(android.view.View)
  s                            static access$700(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  t                            setAllChildrenVisible()
  t                            static access$1100(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  t                            public setShadowResourceLeft(int)
  u                            static access$800(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  u                            dispatchOnPanelClosed(android.view.View)
  v                            public getParallaxDistance()
  v                            dispatchOnPanelOpened(android.view.View)
  v                            public setParallaxDistance(int)
  w                            public setShadowDrawableLeft(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  w                            smoothSlideTo(float,int)
  x                            static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  y                            static access$400(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  y                            private onPanelDragged(int)
  z                            public getCoveredFadeColor()
  checkLayoutParams            protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  computeScroll                public computeScroll()
  draw                         public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawChild                    protected drawChild(android.graphics.Canvas,android.view.View,long)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams         protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onAttachedToWindow           protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow         protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onInterceptTouchEvent        public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                     protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState       protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState          protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onSizeChanged                protected onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
  onTouchEvent                 public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  requestChildFocus            public requestChildFocus(android.view.View,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$1    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$AccessibilityDelegate        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$g)
===============================================================================
  e        public filter(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  g        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  p        private copyNodeInfoNoChildren(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  p        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$DisableLayerRunnable (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$_)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$DragHelperCallback   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$eval_l)
===============================================================================
  c    public tryCaptureView(android.view.View,int)
  d    public onEdgeDragStarted(int,int)
  j    public onViewReleased(android.view.View,float,float)
  j    public onViewCaptured(android.view.View,int)
  l    public clampViewPositionHorizontal(android.view.View,int,int)
  n    public onViewDragStateChanged(int)
  q    public getViewHorizontalDragRange(android.view.View)
  u    public clampViewPositionVertical(android.view.View,int,int)
  y    public onViewPositionChanged(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$IOException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$LayoutParams (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$a)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$j)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract onPanelOpened(android.view.View)
  p    public abstract onPanelSlide(android.view.View,float)
  r    public abstract onPanelClosed(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$eval_m)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState$1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$eval_m$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState$Exception (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SimplePanelSlideListener     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$y)
===============================================================================
  c    public onPanelOpened(android.view.View)
  p    public onPanelSlide(android.view.View,float)
  r    public onPanelClosed(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImpl       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$eval_y)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract invalidateChildRegion(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplBase   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$i)
===============================================================================
  g    public invalidateChildRegion(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplJB     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$m)
===============================================================================
  g    public invalidateChildRegion(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplJBMR1  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w1$u)
===============================================================================
  g    public invalidateChildRegion(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeProgressBar       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ec)
===============================================================================
  a        isRunning()
  c        setBounds(int,int,int,int)
  eval_o   setTriggerPercentage(float)
  j        draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  j        private drawCircle(android.graphics.Canvas,float,float,int,float)
  m        private drawTrigger(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int)
  p        start()
  r        stop()
  r        setColorScheme(int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeProgressBar$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc)
===============================================================================
  b                                static access$400(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  b                                static access$900(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,int,boolean)
  b                                private startScaleUpAnimation(android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  c                                private setRefreshing(boolean,boolean)
  c                                private setAnimationProgress(float)
  d                                private isAlphaUsedForScale()
  e                                static access$1200(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  e                                public setProgressViewOffset(boolean,int,int)
  eval_l                           static access$600(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  eval_s                           private setColorViewAlpha(int)
  eval_x                           private getMotionEventY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  f                                static access$802(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,int)
  f                                private startScaleDownReturnToStartAnimation(int,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  g                                private startProgressAlphaStartAnimation()
  g                                private animateOffsetToCorrectPosition(int,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  j                                static access$1400(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  j                                public setDistanceToTriggerSync(int)
  k                                private startProgressAlphaMaxAnimation()
  m                                private ensureTarget()
  m                                static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  m                                static access$1300(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,float)
  m                                public setSize(int)
  n                                private createProgressView()
  n                                public setRefreshing(boolean)
  n                                private startAlphaAnimation(int,int)
  o                                public canChildScrollUp()
  o                                public transient setColorScheme(int[])
  q                                static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  q                                private isAnimationRunning(android.view.animation.Animation)
  r                                static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  r                                private animateOffsetToStartPosition(int,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  r                                private setTargetOffsetTopAndBottom(int,boolean)
  t                                static access$1000(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  t                                public setProgressViewEndTarget(boolean,int)
  t                                public transient setColorSchemeColors(int[])
  u                                public setOnRefreshListener(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener)
  u                                private moveToStart(float)
  u                                public setProgressBackgroundColor(int)
  v                                public isRefreshing()
  v                                private onSecondaryPointerUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
  w                                static access$800(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  x                                static access$1100(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  x                                public transient setColorSchemeResources(int[])
  y                                static access$700(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,float)
  y                                private startScaleDownAnimation(android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  z                                static access$000(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  z                                static access$500(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,int)
  getChildDrawingOrder             protected getChildDrawingOrder(int,int)
  onInterceptTouchEvent            public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        public onMeasure(int,int)
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent   public requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$2   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$2)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$3   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$3)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$4   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$4)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$5   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$5)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$6   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$6)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$7   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$7)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$8   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$8)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ti)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oc$t)
===============================================================================
  l    public abstract onRefresh()

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u8)
===============================================================================
  b        public getTouchSlop()
  b        private clampMag(float,float,float)
  b        public checkTouchSlop(int)
  b        public checkTouchSlop(int,int)
  c        public isPointerDown(int)
  c        public isEdgeTouched(int,int)
  c        private computeAxisDuration(int,int,int)
  d        public cancel()
  d        public processTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  eval_f   private releaseViewForPointerUp()
  eval_h   private getEdgesTouched(int,int)
  eval_m   private clearMotionHistory()
  eval_o   public smoothSlideViewTo(android.view.View,int,int)
  eval_s   private ensureMotionHistorySizeForId(int)
  f        public abort()
  f        public static create(android.view.ViewGroup,android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$Callback)
  f        private reportNewEdgeDrags(float,float,int)
  f        public isEdgeTouched(int)
  g        private saveLastMotion(android.view.MotionEvent)
  h        protected canScroll(android.view.View,boolean,int,int,int,int)
  h        public static create(android.view.ViewGroup,float,android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$Callback)
  i        private dispatchViewReleased(float,float)
  j        public getActivePointerId()
  j        tryCaptureViewForDrag(android.view.View,int)
  j        private checkNewEdgeDrag(float,float,int,int)
  k        public isCapturedViewUnder(int,int)
  k        private dragTo(int,int,int,int)
  l        public shouldInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  m        private clampMag(int,int,int)
  m        public flingCapturedView(int,int,int,int)
  n        public getEdgeSize()
  n        private checkTouchSlop(android.view.View,float,float)
  o        public getCapturedView()
  o        private computeSettleDuration(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  o        public setEdgeTrackingEnabled(int)
  p        private saveInitialMotion(float,float,int)
  p        public settleCapturedViewAt(int,int)
  s        public getViewDragState()
  t        public isViewUnder(android.view.View,int,int)
  u        public getMinVelocity()
  v        public captureChildView(android.view.View,int)
  v        private forceSettleCapturedViewAt(int,int,int,int)
  w        public continueSettling(boolean)
  w        private clearMotionHistory(int)
  y        private distanceInfluenceForSnapDuration(float)
  y        setDragState(int)
  z        public setMinVelocity(float)
  z        public findTopChildUnder(int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$1       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u8$1)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$2       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u8$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$Callback        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u8$_)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract tryCaptureView(android.view.View,int)
  d        public onEdgeDragStarted(int,int)
  e        public onEdgeLock(int)
  eval_l   public getOrderedChildIndex(int)
  j        public onViewReleased(android.view.View,float,float)
  j        public onViewCaptured(android.view.View,int)
  l        public clampViewPositionHorizontal(android.view.View,int,int)
  n        public onViewDragStateChanged(int)
  p        public getViewVerticalDragRange(android.view.View)
  q        public getViewHorizontalDragRange(android.view.View)
  u        public clampViewPositionVertical(android.view.View,int,int)
  y        public onViewPositionChanged(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  y        public onEdgeTouched(int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$NullPointerException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract selectTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  a        public abstract addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  a        public abstract addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int,boolean)
  a        public onMenuKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  a        public abstract setDisplayShowCustomEnabled(boolean)
  b        public abstract getTitle()
  b        public abstract setDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  c        public abstract getSubtitle()
  c        public setStackedBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  c        public abstract getTabAt(int)
  d        public abstract newTab()
  d        public startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  d        public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View)
  d        public abstract setDisplayShowTitleEnabled(boolean)
  d        public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  e        public getElevation()
  e        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_b   public invalidateOptionsMenu()
  eval_c   public isHideOnContentScrollEnabled()
  eval_c   public setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
  eval_e   public abstract getTabCount()
  eval_e   public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  eval_f   public openOptionsMenu()
  eval_i   public getThemedContext()
  eval_i   public abstract setSelectedNavigationItem(int)
  eval_j   public abstract isShowing()
  eval_r   public abstract getHeight()
  eval_r   public setDefaultDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  eval_r   public setHomeActionContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_w   public abstract setListNavigationCallbacks(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener)
  eval_y   public abstract removeTabAt(int)
  f        public abstract removeTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  f        public setElevation(float)
  f        public abstract setLogo(int)
  g        public abstract getSelectedTab()
  g        public abstract setDisplayOptions(int)
  h        public setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  h        public abstract setIcon(int)
  i        public collapseActionView()
  i        public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  i        public setShowHideAnimationEnabled(boolean)
  i        public setHideOffset(int)
  i        public abstract setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public abstract removeAllTabs()
  k        public abstract getNavigationItemCount()
  k        public abstract setTitle(int)
  k        public abstract setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  l        public abstract setNavigationMode(int)
  m        public abstract getDisplayOptions()
  m        public setSplitBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  m        public abstract addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  n        public getHideOffset()
  n        public dispatchMenuVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  o        public abstract getCustomView()
  o        public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams)
  p        public abstract getSelectedNavigationIndex()
  p        public abstract setSubtitle(int)
  q        public abstract getNavigationMode()
  r        public isTitleTruncated()
  r        public abstract setDisplayUseLogoEnabled(boolean)
  s        public abstract hide()
  s        public abstract setDisplayOptions(int,int)
  t        public abstract addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int)
  u        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  u        public abstract setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v        public abstract show()
  v        public abstract setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v        public abstract setDisplayShowHomeEnabled(boolean)
  x        public abstract removeOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  y        public abstract addOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  y        public abstract setCustomView(int)
  z        public setHomeActionContentDescription(int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Callback        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt$x)
===============================================================================
  l    public abstract getSupportFragmentManager()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$DisplayOptions  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt$s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt$l)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$NavigationMode  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt$p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt$u)
===============================================================================
  u    public abstract onMenuVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt$z)
===============================================================================
  r    public abstract onNavigationItemSelected(int,long)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$ParseException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt$h)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract setText(int)
  c        public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View)
  d        public abstract getCustomView()
  eval_f   public abstract setCustomView(int)
  eval_l   public abstract getTag()
  eval_y   public abstract setContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  h        public abstract getContentDescription()
  n        public abstract getIcon()
  o        public abstract select()
  p        public abstract getText()
  s        public abstract setTag(java.lang.Object)
  t        public abstract setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  w        public abstract getPosition()
  w        public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  y        public abstract setTabListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$TabListener)
  y        public abstract setContentDescription(int)
  z        public abstract setIcon(int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$TabListener     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vt$o)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract onTabSelected(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction)
  l    public abstract onTabReselected(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction)
  p    public abstract onTabUnselected(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jw)
===============================================================================
  a                        public setSupportProgressBarIndeterminate(boolean)
  b                        public startSupportActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  c                        public supportShouldUpRecreateTask(android.content.Intent)
  c                        public setSupportProgressBarVisibility(boolean)
  d                        public supportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
  d                        public onCreateSupportNavigateUpTaskStack(android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder)
  e                        public getSupportParentActivityIntent()
  eval_b                   private getDelegate()
  eval_e                   public getV7DrawerToggleDelegate()
  eval_g                   public onPrepareSupportNavigateUpTaskStack(android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder)
  eval_y                   superOnPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  h                        protected onPrepareOptionsPanel(android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  i                        public onSupportActionModeFinished(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  i                        superAddContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  m                        public final getDrawerToggleDelegate()
  n                        superSetContentView(android.view.View)
  n                        superOnPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  p                        superSetContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  q                        superOnPrepareOptionsPanel(android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  r                        superOnMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  s                        public supportNavigateUpTo(android.content.Intent)
  t                        public setSupportProgressBarIndeterminateVisibility(boolean)
  u                        public setSupportActionBar(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  v                        public onSupportContentChanged()
  v                        public setSupportProgress(int)
  w                        superSetContentView(int)
  w                        superOnCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  x                        public getSupportActionBar()
  x                        public supportRequestWindowFeature(int)
  y                        public onSupportActionModeStarted(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  z                        public onSupportNavigateUp()
  addContentView           public addContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  getMenuInflater          public getMenuInflater()
  invalidateOptionsMenu    public invalidateOptionsMenu()
  onBackPressed            public onBackPressed()
  onConfigurationChanged   public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onContentChanged         public final onContentChanged()
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreatePanelMenu        public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  onCreatePanelView        public onCreatePanelView(int)
  onCreateView             public onCreateView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  onDestroy                protected onDestroy()
  onKeyDown                public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyShortcut            public onKeyShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onMenuItemSelected       public final onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  onMenuOpened             public onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  onPanelClosed            public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  onPostResume             protected onPostResume()
  onPreparePanel           public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  onStop                   protected onStop()
  onTitleChanged           protected onTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int)
  setContentView           public setContentView(android.view.View)
  setContentView           public setContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  setContentView           public setContentView(int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity$NullPointerException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lr)
===============================================================================
  a        static createDelegate(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity)
  a        abstract setContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  b        abstract setSupportProgressBarIndeterminate(boolean)
  b        abstract onTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  b        abstract createView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  c        abstract supportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
  c        abstract onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  c        abstract onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  d        abstract startSupportActionModeFromWindow(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  d        abstract setSupportProgressBarIndeterminateVisibility(boolean)
  d        abstract supportRequestWindowFeature(int)
  e        abstract onCreatePanelView(int)
  eval__   abstract onBackPressed()
  eval_j   final destroy()
  eval_m   final getUiOptionsFromMetadata()
  eval_s   final getV7DrawerToggleDelegate()
  f        abstract onPostResume()
  g        abstract startSupportActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  h        onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  i        final getDrawerToggleDelegate()
  i        abstract addContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  i        abstract setSupportProgress(int)
  j        final peekSupportActionBar()
  k        final getSupportActionBar()
  k        onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  m        abstract onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  n        abstract onContentChanged()
  n        onPrepareOptionsPanel(android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  p        abstract onStop()
  p        abstract onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  p        abstract setContentView(android.view.View)
  q        abstract getHomeAsUpIndicatorAttrId()
  q        protected final setSupportActionBar(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar)
  q        abstract setSupportProgressBarVisibility(boolean)
  r        protected final getActionBarThemedContext()
  s        final isDestroyed()
  t        abstract createSupportActionBar()
  t        abstract onKeyShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  v        final setWindowCallback(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback)
  v        abstract setContentView(int)
  v        abstract onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  w        final getWindowCallback()
  x        abstract setSupportActionBar(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  y        getMenuInflater()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$1       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lr$1)
===============================================================================
  a        public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  eval_l   public onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  h        public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  k        public onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  l        public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  u        public startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  x        public onCreatePanelView(int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$ActionBarDrawableToggleImpl     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lr$j)
===============================================================================
  g    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  o    public getActionBarThemedContext()
  p    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  r    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9)
===============================================================================
  a        public setContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  b        setSupportProgressBarIndeterminate(boolean)
  b        public onTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  b        createView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  c        public supportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
  c        private doInvalidatePanelMenu(int)
  c        public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  c        public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  d        startSupportActionModeFromWindow(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  d        setSupportProgressBarIndeterminateVisibility(boolean)
  d        public supportRequestWindowFeature(int)
  d        private callOnPanelClosed(int,android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,android.view.Menu)
  e        private initializePanelContent(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState)
  e        public onCreatePanelView(int)
  eval__   public onBackPressed()
  eval_f   private applyFixedSizeWindow()
  eval_r   private updateStatusGuard(int)
  eval_u   private ensureToolbarListMenuPresenter()
  eval_w   private checkCloseActionMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  f        public onPostResume()
  g        private reopenMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  g        public startSupportActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  h        final ensureSubDecor()
  h        onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  i        public addContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  i        setSupportProgress(int)
  j        private initializePanelMenu(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState)
  j        static access$900(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  j        static access$202(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,boolean)
  j        static access$002(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,int)
  j        private getPanelState(int,boolean)
  k        onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  l        private throwFeatureRequestIfSubDecorInstalled()
  m        onSubDecorInstalled()
  m        private openPanel(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,android.view.KeyEvent)
  m        private findMenuPanel(android.view.Menu)
  m        onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  n        public onContentChanged()
  o        final performPanelShortcut(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,int,android.view.KeyEvent,int)
  p        public onStop()
  p        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  p        public setContentView(android.view.View)
  q        getHomeAsUpIndicatorAttrId()
  q        private initializePanelDecor(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState)
  q        static access$100(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,int)
  q        setSupportProgressBarVisibility(boolean)
  r        private openPanel(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  s        static access$600(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,android.view.Menu)
  s        public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  t        public createSupportActionBar()
  t        private invalidatePanelMenu(int)
  t        onKeyShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  u        static access$700(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,int,android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,android.view.Menu)
  v        private closePanel(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,boolean)
  v        static access$800(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,boolean)
  v        public setContentView(int)
  v        public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  w        static access$000(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase)
  x        private preparePanel(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,android.view.KeyEvent)
  x        setSupportActionBar(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  y        public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  z        static access$300(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$2   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$2)
===============================================================================
  d    public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$3   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$3)
===============================================================================
  y    public onFitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$4   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$4)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ActionMenuPresenterCallback (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$a)
===============================================================================
  p    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  r    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ActionModeCallbackWrapper   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$s)
===============================================================================
  b        public onDestroyActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  eval_i   public onPrepareActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)
  l        public onActionItemClicked(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.MenuItem)
  t        public onCreateActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$z)
===============================================================================
  a        setStyle(android.content.Context)
  b        onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  eval_b   public clearMenuPresenters()
  j        getListMenuView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  l        onSaveInstanceState()
  p        public hasPanelItems()
  q        setMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  x        applyFrozenState()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$NullPointerException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$z$d)
===============================================================================
  f                private static readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  o                static access$1100(android.os.Parcel)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState$1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$z$d$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelMenuPresenterCallback  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d9$b)
===============================================================================
  p    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  r    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateHC       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_eb)
===============================================================================
  k    onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  m    onSubDecorInstalled()
  q    public startActionModeForChild(android.view.View,android.view.ActionMode$Callback)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateHC$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4)
===============================================================================
  a        public setToolbarNavigationClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
  b        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  c        public syncState()
  d        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  d        setActionBarDescription(int)
  e        public setDrawerIndicatorEnabled(boolean)
  eval_o   getThemeUpIndicator()
  i        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  i        static access$200(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle)
  j        public onDrawerStateChanged(int)
  k        static access$000(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle)
  m        public getToolbarNavigationClickListener()
  m        static access$100(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle)
  o        public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  o        public onDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  q        public isDrawerIndicatorEnabled()
  r        setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  w        public onDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  x        private toggle()
  y        public onDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Delegate    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$r)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract setActionBarDescription(int)
  o    public abstract getActionBarThemedContext()
  p    public abstract getThemeUpIndicator()
  r    public abstract setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DelegateProvider    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$n)
===============================================================================
  w    public abstract getDrawerToggleDelegate()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DrawerArrowDrawableToggle   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$x)
===============================================================================
  a    isLayoutRtl()
  e    public setPosition(float)
  t    public getPosition()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DrawerToggle        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$i)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract setPosition(float)
  t    public abstract getPosition()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DummyDelegate       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$l)
===============================================================================
  g    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  o    public getActionBarThemedContext()
  p    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  r    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ke)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$HoneycombDelegate   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$a)
===============================================================================
  g    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  o    public getActionBarThemedContext()
  p    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  r    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$JellybeanMr2Delegate        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$eval_z)
===============================================================================
  g    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  o    public getActionBarThemedContext()
  p    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  r    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$TmpDelegateProvider (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$f)
===============================================================================
  eval_e   public abstract getV7DrawerToggleDelegate()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ToolbarCompatDelegate       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k4$u)
===============================================================================
  g    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  o    public getActionBarThemedContext()
  p    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  r    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fm)
===============================================================================
  c    public static getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  c    public static setActionBarDescription(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo,android.app.Activity,int)
  t    public static setActionBarUpIndicator(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$IOException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fm$r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.DrawerArrowDrawable       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ok)
===============================================================================
  a                    abstract isLayoutRtl()
  m                    public getProgress()
  m                    public setProgress(float)
  p                    protected setVerticalMirror(boolean)
  y                    private static lerp(float,float,float)
  draw                 public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getIntrinsicHeight   public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth    public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getOpacity           public getOpacity()
  isAutoMirrored       public isAutoMirrored()
  setAlpha             public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter       public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)

android.support.v7.app.DrawerArrowDrawable$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.BuildConfig (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.BuildConfig$NullPointerException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ld)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$NullPointerException
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.VersionUtils (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u6)
===============================================================================
  i    public static isAtLeastL()

android.support.v7.internal.VersionUtils$NullPointerException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ty)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.app.NavItemSelectedListener  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hk)
===============================================================================
  a    public onNothingSelected(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat)
  o    public onItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.app.NavItemSelectedListener$NullPointerException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oa)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f5)
===============================================================================
  a        public selectTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  a        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  a        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int,boolean)
  a        public onMenuKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  a        public setDisplayShowCustomEnabled(boolean)
  b        public getTitle()
  b        static access$102(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar,boolean)
  b        public setListMenuPresenter(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter)
  b        public setDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  c        public getSubtitle()
  c        public setStackedBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  c        public getTabAt(int)
  d        public newTab()
  d        public startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  d        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  d        public setDisplayShowTitleEnabled(boolean)
  d        public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  e        public getElevation()
  e        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_b   public invalidateOptionsMenu()
  eval_e   public getTabCount()
  eval_e   public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  eval_f   public openOptionsMenu()
  eval_i   public getThemedContext()
  eval_i   public setSelectedNavigationItem(int)
  eval_j   public isShowing()
  eval_k   populateOptionsMenu()
  eval_k   static access$500(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  eval_m   private getMenu()
  eval_n   public getWrappedWindowCallback()
  eval_r   public getHeight()
  eval_r   public setDefaultDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  eval_r   public setHomeActionContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_u   static access$1000(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  eval_w   public setListNavigationCallbacks(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener)
  eval_y   public removeTabAt(int)
  f        public removeTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  f        public setElevation(float)
  f        public setLogo(int)
  g        public getSelectedTab()
  g        public setDisplayOptions(int)
  h        public setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  h        public setIcon(int)
  i        public collapseActionView()
  i        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  i        public setShowHideAnimationEnabled(boolean)
  i        public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public removeAllTabs()
  k        public getNavigationItemCount()
  k        public setTitle(int)
  k        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  l        static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  l        public setNavigationMode(int)
  m        public getDisplayOptions()
  m        public setSplitBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  m        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  n        static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  n        public dispatchMenuVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  o        public getCustomView()
  o        public setCustomView(android.view.View,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams)
  p        public getSelectedNavigationIndex()
  p        public setSubtitle(int)
  q        public getNavigationMode()
  r        public isTitleTruncated()
  r        public setDisplayUseLogoEnabled(boolean)
  s        public hide()
  s        static access$600(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar,android.view.Menu)
  s        public setDisplayOptions(int,int)
  t        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int)
  u        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  u        public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v        public show()
  v        public setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v        public setDisplayShowHomeEnabled(boolean)
  w        static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  x        public removeOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  y        public addOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  y        static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  y        public setCustomView(int)
  z        static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  z        private getListMenuView(android.view.Menu)
  z        public setHomeActionContentDescription(int)

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$1       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f5$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$2       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f5$2)
===============================================================================
  w    public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$ActionMenuPresenterCallback     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f5$t)
===============================================================================
  p    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  r    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$MenuBuilderCallback     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f5$m)
===============================================================================
  s    public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  y    public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$PanelMenuPresenterCallback      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f5$w)
===============================================================================
  p    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  r    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$ToolbarCallbackWrapper  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f5$g)
===============================================================================
  a    public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  x    public onCreatePanelView(int)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ih)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  eval_l   public abstract onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  h        public abstract onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  k        public abstract onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  l        public abstract onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  u        public abstract startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  x        public abstract onCreatePanelView(int)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p9)
===============================================================================
  a        public selectTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  a        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  a        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int,boolean)
  a        public setDisplayShowCustomEnabled(boolean)
  b        public getTitle()
  b        public setDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  c        public getSubtitle()
  c        public setStackedBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  c        static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  c        static access$502(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar,android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet)
  c        public getTabAt(int)
  d        public newTab()
  d        static access$700(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  d        public startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  d        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  d        public setDisplayShowTitleEnabled(boolean)
  d        public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  e        public getElevation()
  e        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  e        static access$1300(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  e        private getDecorToolbar(android.view.View)
  eval_a   completeDeferredDestroyActionMode()
  eval_a   static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  eval_a   private updateVisibility(boolean)
  eval_c   public isHideOnContentScrollEnabled()
  eval_c   public setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
  eval_e   public getTabCount()
  eval_e   static access$900(boolean,boolean,boolean)
  eval_e   public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  eval_g   public hasIcon()
  eval_i   public getThemedContext()
  eval_i   public setSelectedNavigationItem(int)
  eval_j   public isShowing()
  eval_k   public doHide(boolean)
  eval_l   getTintManager()
  eval_m   public hasLogo()
  eval_q   public hideForSystem()
  eval_r   public getHeight()
  eval_r   public setDefaultDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  eval_r   public setHomeActionContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_t   public onContentScrollStarted()
  eval_u   private showForActionMode()
  eval_w   public onContentScrollStopped()
  eval_w   public setListNavigationCallbacks(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener)
  eval_w   public enableContentAnimations(boolean)
  eval_x   private cleanupTabs()
  eval_x   static access$1000(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  eval_y   public removeTabAt(int)
  f        public removeTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  f        private static checkShowingFlags(boolean,boolean,boolean)
  f        public setElevation(float)
  f        public setLogo(int)
  g        public getSelectedTab()
  g        public setDisplayOptions(int)
  h        public setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  h        public setIcon(int)
  i        public collapseActionView()
  i        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  i        static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  i        public setShowHideAnimationEnabled(boolean)
  i        public setHideOffset(int)
  i        public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public removeAllTabs()
  j        private setHasEmbeddedTabs(boolean)
  j        public onWindowVisibilityChanged(int)
  k        public getNavigationItemCount()
  k        public setTitle(int)
  k        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  l        public setNavigationMode(int)
  m        public getDisplayOptions()
  m        public setSplitBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  m        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  m        public animateToMode(boolean)
  n        public getHideOffset()
  n        static access$600(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  n        public dispatchMenuVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  o        public getCustomView()
  o        private configureTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int)
  o        public setCustomView(android.view.View,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams)
  o        public doShow(boolean)
  p        public getSelectedNavigationIndex()
  p        public setSubtitle(int)
  q        public getNavigationMode()
  q        static access$1200(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  r        public isTitleTruncated()
  r        static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  r        public setDisplayUseLogoEnabled(boolean)
  s        public hide()
  s        private init(android.view.View)
  s        public setDisplayOptions(int,int)
  t        private ensureTabsExist()
  t        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int)
  u        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  u        public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  u        static access$800(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  v        public show()
  v        public setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v        public setDisplayShowHomeEnabled(boolean)
  w        static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  x        public showForSystem()
  x        public removeOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  y        public addOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  y        public setCustomView(int)
  z        private hideForActionMode()
  z        static access$1100(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  z        public setHomeActionContentDescription(int)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p9$1)
===============================================================================
  d    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$2   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p9$2)
===============================================================================
  d    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$3   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p9$3)
===============================================================================
  q    public onAnimationUpdate(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$ActionModeImpl      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p9$y)
===============================================================================
  a    public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  g    public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  h    public onCloseSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  i    public dispatchOnCreate()
  i    public setTitle(int)
  m    public getCustomView()
  m    public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p    public getTitle()
  p    public setSubtitle(int)
  q    public finish()
  r    public isTitleOptional()
  s    public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  u    public getMenuInflater()
  u    public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  v    public setTitleOptionalHint(boolean)
  w    public invalidate()
  x    public getSubtitle()
  y    public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  y    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  z    public getMenu()

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$TabImpl     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p9$i)
===============================================================================
  a        public setText(int)
  c        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  d        public getCustomView()
  eval_f   public setCustomView(int)
  eval_l   public getTag()
  eval_y   public setContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  f        public getCallback()
  h        public getContentDescription()
  n        public getIcon()
  o        public select()
  p        public getText()
  s        public setTag(java.lang.Object)
  t        public setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  w        public getPosition()
  w        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  w        public setPosition(int)
  y        public setTabListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$TabListener)
  y        public setContentDescription(int)
  z        public setIcon(int)

android.support.v7.internal.text.AllCapsTransformationMethod     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_us)
===============================================================================
  getTransformation    public getTransformation(java.lang.CharSequence,android.view.View)
  onFocusChanged       public onFocusChanged(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,int,android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.internal.text.AllCapsTransformationMethod$NullPointerException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.transition.ActionBarTransition       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o_)
===============================================================================
  e    public static beginDelayedTransition(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v7.internal.transition.ActionBarTransition$IOException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ot)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.ActionBarPolicy (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__8)
===============================================================================
  d        public getTabContainerHeight()
  eval_b   public getStackedTabMaxWidth()
  g        public enableHomeButtonByDefault()
  i        public showsOverflowMenuButton()
  n        public static get(android.content.Context)
  o        public getEmbeddedMenuWidthLimit()
  p        public hasEmbeddedTabs()
  t        public getMaxActionButtons()

android.support.v7.internal.view.ActionBarPolicy$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.StandaloneActionMode    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sx)
===============================================================================
  a    public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  b    public onCloseSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  e    public isUiFocusable()
  g    public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  i    public setTitle(int)
  m    public getCustomView()
  m    public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p    public getTitle()
  p    public setSubtitle(int)
  q    public finish()
  q    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  r    public isTitleOptional()
  s    public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  u    public getMenuInflater()
  v    public setTitleOptionalHint(boolean)
  w    public invalidate()
  x    public getSubtitle()
  y    public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  y    public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  z    public getMenu()

android.support.v7.internal.view.StandaloneActionMode$IOException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ae)
===============================================================================
  finish               public finish()
  getCustomView        public getCustomView()
  getMenu              public getMenu()
  getMenuInflater      public getMenuInflater()
  getSubtitle          public getSubtitle()
  getTag               public getTag()
  getTitle             public getTitle()
  getTitleOptionalHint public getTitleOptionalHint()
  invalidate           public invalidate()
  isTitleOptional      public isTitleOptional()
  setCustomView        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  setSubtitle          public setSubtitle(int)
  setSubtitle          public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTag               public setTag(java.lang.Object)
  setTitle             public setTitle(int)
  setTitle             public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTitleOptionalHint public setTitleOptionalHint(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper$CallbackWrapper        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ae$b)
===============================================================================
  b        public onDestroyActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  c        private getMenuWrapper(android.view.Menu)
  d        private getActionModeWrapper(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  eval_i   public onPrepareActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)
  l        public onActionItemClicked(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.MenuItem)
  t        public onCreateActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper$ParseException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zn)
===============================================================================
  d        private findRealOwner(java.lang.Object)
  d        private parseMenu(org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.view.Menu)
  i        private getRealOwner()
  j        static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater)
  p        static access$600(android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater)
  r        static access$500()
  s        static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater)
  w        static access$200()
  z        static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater)
  inflate  public inflate(int,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$InflatedOnMenuItemClickListener     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zn$p)
===============================================================================
  onMenuItemClick  public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$MenuState   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zn$w)
===============================================================================
  a        private newInstance(java.lang.String,java.lang.Class[],java.lang.Object[])
  e        public addItem()
  eval_g   public readItem(android.util.AttributeSet)
  g        public resetGroup()
  g        static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$MenuState)
  j        public readGroup(android.util.AttributeSet)
  l        public hasAddedItem()
  n        private setItem(android.view.MenuItem)
  x        public addSubMenuItem()
  z        private getShortcut(java.lang.String)

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_k5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fv)
===============================================================================
  a    public setInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  b    private onAnimationsEnded()
  d    static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet)
  f    public cancel()
  g    public start()
  h    public setDuration(long)
  l    static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet)
  m    public play(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  s    static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet)
  v    public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)

android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet$1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fv$1)
===============================================================================
  d    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  m    onEnd()
  t    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet$ParseException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_j2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItem     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bz)
===============================================================================
  a                            public setSupportActionProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  f                            public getSupportActionProvider()
  l                            public setSupportOnActionExpandListener(android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  m                            public invoke()
  r                            public setExclusiveCheckable(boolean)
  setActionView                public setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public setActionView(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  collapseActionView           public collapseActionView()
  expandActionView             public expandActionView()
  getActionProvider            public getActionProvider()
  getActionView                public getActionView()
  getAlphabeticShortcut        public getAlphabeticShortcut()
  getGroupId                   public getGroupId()
  getIcon                      public getIcon()
  getIntent                    public getIntent()
  getItemId                    public getItemId()
  getMenuInfo                  public getMenuInfo()
  getNumericShortcut           public getNumericShortcut()
  getOrder                     public getOrder()
  getSubMenu                   public getSubMenu()
  getTitle                     public getTitle()
  getTitleCondensed            public getTitleCondensed()
  hasSubMenu                   public hasSubMenu()
  isActionViewExpanded         public isActionViewExpanded()
  isCheckable                  public isCheckable()
  isChecked                    public isChecked()
  isEnabled                    public isEnabled()
  isVisible                    public isVisible()
  setActionProvider            public setActionProvider(android.view.ActionProvider)
  setActionView                public volatile setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public volatile setActionView(int)
  setAlphabeticShortcut        public setAlphabeticShortcut(char)
  setCheckable                 public setCheckable(boolean)
  setChecked                   public setChecked(boolean)
  setEnabled                   public setEnabled(boolean)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(int)
  setIntent                    public setIntent(android.content.Intent)
  setNumericShortcut           public setNumericShortcut(char)
  setOnActionExpandListener    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnActionExpandListener)
  setOnMenuItemClickListener   public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  setShortcut                  public setShortcut(char,char)
  setShowAsAction              public setShowAsAction(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public volatile setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTitleCondensed            public setTitleCondensed(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItem$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qu)
===============================================================================
  b                        public getItemData()
  d                        public setShortcut(boolean,char)
  eval_c                   public showsIcon()
  eval_r                   public needsDividerAfter()
  f                        public setExpandedFormat(boolean)
  i                        static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView)
  j                        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  j                        public setChecked(boolean)
  k                        public setItemInvoker(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker)
  k                        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  n                        private updateTextButtonVisibility()
  o                        static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView)
  o                        public setPopupCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback)
  p                        public hasText()
  q                        public prefersCondensedTitle()
  q                        public initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,int)
  s                        public setCheckable(boolean)
  u                        static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView)
  w                        public needsDividerBefore()
  onClick                  public onClick(android.view.View)
  onConfigurationChanged   public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onLongClick              public onLongClick(android.view.View)
  onMeasure                protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onTouchEvent             public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setPadding               public setPadding(int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$ActionMenuItemForwardingListener        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qu$z)
===============================================================================
  b        public getPopup()
  eval_q   protected onForwardingStarted()
  u        protected onForwardingStopped()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qu$i)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract getPopup()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuPresenter  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_eg)
===============================================================================
  a        public setId(int)
  b        public getCallback()
  eval_z   public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  g        public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  h        public abstract bindItemView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView)
  k        public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  l        public getId()
  l        public createItemView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  m        public updateMenuView(boolean)
  n        public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  q        protected addItemView(android.view.View,int)
  q        protected filterLeftoverView(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  r        public flagActionItems()
  s        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  t        public shouldIncludeItem(int,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  u        public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  w        public getItemView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  w        public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuPresenter$NullPointerException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuWrapper    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ss)
===============================================================================
  m    final getSubMenuWrapper(android.view.SubMenu)
  n    final internalRemoveGroup(int)
  s    final internalClear()
  s    final getMenuItemWrapper(android.view.MenuItem)
  z    final internalRemoveItem(int)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuWrapper$IOException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseWrapper        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_im)
===============================================================================
  n    public getWrappedObject()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseWrapper$Exception      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_of)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hj)
===============================================================================
  d                    public initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  p                    public invokeItem(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  q                    public getWindowAnimations()
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onItemClick          public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView$Exception (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuItemView   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b5)
===============================================================================
  a                private insertIconView()
  b                public getItemData()
  d                public setShortcut(boolean,char)
  eval_c           public showsIcon()
  h                public setForceShowIcon(boolean)
  j                public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  j                public setChecked(boolean)
  k                private insertCheckBox()
  k                public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q                public prefersCondensedTitle()
  q                public initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,int)
  s                public setCheckable(boolean)
  t                private getInflater()
  x                private insertRadioButton()
  onFinishInflate  protected onFinishInflate()
  onMeasure        protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuItemView$Exception (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v7)
===============================================================================
  e            public onSaveInstanceState()
  eval_r       getItemIndexOffset()
  eval_z       public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  f            public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  g            public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  j            public restoreHierarchyState(android.os.Bundle)
  k            public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  k            public setItemIndexOffset(int)
  l            public getId()
  l            static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter)
  m            public updateMenuView(boolean)
  n            public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  o            public setId(int)
  r            public flagActionItems()
  s            public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  u            public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  w            public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  x            public getAdapter()
  x            public saveHierarchyState(android.os.Bundle)
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter$MenuAdapter      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v7$v)
===============================================================================
  getItem              public getItem(int)
  t                    findExpandedIndex()
  getCount             public getCount()
  getItem              public volatile getItem(int)
  getItemId            public getItemId(int)
  getView              public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  notifyDataSetChanged public notifyDataSetChanged()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter$NullPointerException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ym)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kc)
===============================================================================
  a                        public getRootMenu()
  a                        private dispatchSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  a                        public performItemAction(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter,int)
  a                        public performItemAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  a                        public final close(boolean)
  c                        public findItemIndex(int)
  d                        public getVisibleItems()
  d                        onItemVisibleChanged(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  d                        private static findInsertIndex(java.util.ArrayList,int)
  e                        public clearAll()
  e                        public setShortcutsVisible(boolean)
  eval_c                   isQwertyMode()
  eval_d                   public getHeaderTitle()
  eval_g                   public getNonActionItems()
  eval_j                   public getContext()
  eval_q                   public startDispatchingItemsChanged()
  eval_u                   public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  f                        private dispatchRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  f                        public removeItemAt(int)
  f                        private addInternal(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  f                        protected setHeaderTitleInt(java.lang.CharSequence)
  f                        findItemsWithShortcutForKey(java.util.List,int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  g                        public isShortcutsVisible()
  g                        public setCurrentMenuInfo(android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  g                        private dispatchPresenterUpdate(boolean)
  h                        public getHeaderView()
  h                        public addMenuPresenter(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter,android.content.Context)
  i                        public getExpandedItem()
  i                        private createNewMenuItem(int,int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence,int)
  j                        getOptionalIconsVisible()
  k                        protected setHeaderViewInt(android.view.View)
  k                        protected setHeaderTitleInt(int)
  l                        public getActionItems()
  l                        public savePresenterStates(android.os.Bundle)
  l                        private static getOrdering(int)
  m                        getResources()
  m                        public onItemsChanged(boolean)
  m                        findItemWithShortcutForKey(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  n                        public getHeaderIcon()
  n                        private setHeaderInternal(int,java.lang.CharSequence,int,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.view.View)
  o                        setExclusiveItemChecked(android.view.MenuItem)
  q                        protected setHeaderIconInt(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  q                        public restorePresenterStates(android.os.Bundle)
  q                        public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  q                        public findGroupIndex(int)
  r                        dispatchMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  s                        private setShortcutsVisibleInner(boolean)
  t                        public stopDispatchingItemsChanged()
  t                        public addMenuPresenter(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter)
  u                        public changeMenuMode()
  u                        public removeMenuPresenter(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter)
  v                        onItemActionRequestChanged(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  v                        public findGroupIndex(int,int)
  w                        protected getActionViewStatesKey()
  w                        public restoreActionViewStates(android.os.Bundle)
  w                        protected setHeaderIconInt(int)
  w                        private removeItemAtInt(int,boolean)
  x                        public saveActionViewStates(android.os.Bundle)
  x                        setOptionalIconsVisible(boolean)
  z                        public flagActionItems()
  z                        public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  z                        private dispatchSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter)
  z                        public setDefaultShowAsAction(int)
  add                      public add(int)
  add                      public add(int,int,int,int)
  add                      public add(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  add                      public add(java.lang.CharSequence)
  addIntentOptions         public addIntentOptions(int,int,int,android.content.ComponentName,android.content.Intent[],android.content.Intent,int,android.view.MenuItem[])
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int,int,int,int)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(java.lang.CharSequence)
  clear                    public clear()
  clearHeader              public clearHeader()
  close                    public close()
  findItem                 public findItem(int)
  getItem                  public getItem(int)
  hasVisibleItems          public hasVisibleItems()
  isShortcutKey            public isShortcutKey(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  performIdentifierAction  public performIdentifierAction(int,int)
  performShortcut          public performShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent,int)
  removeGroup              public removeGroup(int)
  removeItem               public removeItem(int)
  setGroupCheckable        public setGroupCheckable(int,boolean,boolean)
  setGroupEnabled          public setGroupEnabled(int,boolean)
  setGroupVisible          public setGroupVisible(int,boolean)
  setQwertyMode            public setQwertyMode(boolean)
  size                     public size()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kc$d)
===============================================================================
  s    public abstract onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  y    public abstract onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Exception      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kc$j)
===============================================================================
  p    public abstract invokeItem(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuDialogHelper   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_hl)
===============================================================================
  eval_v       public dismiss()
  m            public show(android.os.IBinder)
  p            public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  r            public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  x            public setPresenterCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  onClick      public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
  onDismiss    public onDismiss(android.content.DialogInterface)
  onKey        public onKey(android.content.DialogInterface,int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuDialogHelper$Exception (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ig)
===============================================================================
  a                            public getOrdering()
  a                            public setSupportActionProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  a                            setCheckedInt(boolean)
  b                            setMenuInfo(android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  d                            public showsTextAsAction()
  e                            getCallback()
  eval_h                       public requiresActionButton()
  eval_z                       public setActionViewExpanded(boolean)
  f                            public getSupportActionProvider()
  g                            static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  i                            public isActionButton()
  i                            setVisibleInt(boolean)
  j                            getShortcut()
  l                            public isExclusiveCheckable()
  l                            public setSupportOnActionExpandListener(android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  n                            public hasCollapsibleActionView()
  o                            public invoke()
  p                            public setIsActionButton(boolean)
  q                            public requestsActionButton()
  r                            public shouldShowIcon()
  s                            getTitleForItemView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView)
  setActionView                public setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public setActionView(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  t                            getShortcutLabel()
  v                            public setExclusiveCheckable(boolean)
  x                            public setCallback(java.lang.Runnable)
  y                            public actionFormatChanged()
  z                            shouldShowShortcut()
  z                            setSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  collapseActionView           public collapseActionView()
  expandActionView             public expandActionView()
  getActionProvider            public getActionProvider()
  getActionView                public getActionView()
  getAlphabeticShortcut        public getAlphabeticShortcut()
  getGroupId                   public getGroupId()
  getIcon                      public getIcon()
  getIntent                    public getIntent()
  getItemId                    public getItemId()
  getMenuInfo                  public getMenuInfo()
  getNumericShortcut           public getNumericShortcut()
  getOrder                     public getOrder()
  getSubMenu                   public getSubMenu()
  getTitle                     public getTitle()
  getTitleCondensed            public getTitleCondensed()
  hasSubMenu                   public hasSubMenu()
  isActionViewExpanded         public isActionViewExpanded()
  isCheckable                  public isCheckable()
  isChecked                    public isChecked()
  isEnabled                    public isEnabled()
  isVisible                    public isVisible()
  setActionProvider            public setActionProvider(android.view.ActionProvider)
  setActionView                public volatile setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public volatile setActionView(int)
  setAlphabeticShortcut        public setAlphabeticShortcut(char)
  setCheckable                 public setCheckable(boolean)
  setChecked                   public setChecked(boolean)
  setEnabled                   public setEnabled(boolean)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(int)
  setIntent                    public setIntent(android.content.Intent)
  setNumericShortcut           public setNumericShortcut(char)
  setOnActionExpandListener    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnActionExpandListener)
  setOnMenuItemClickListener   public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  setShortcut                  public setShortcut(char,char)
  setShowAsAction              public setShowAsAction(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public volatile setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTitleCondensed            public setTitleCondensed(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean)
  toString                     public toString()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl$1     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ig$1)
===============================================================================
  r    public onActionProviderVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tg)
===============================================================================
  c                            createActionProviderWrapper(android.view.ActionProvider)
  q                            public setExclusiveCheckable(boolean)
  collapseActionView           public collapseActionView()
  expandActionView             public expandActionView()
  getActionProvider            public getActionProvider()
  getActionView                public getActionView()
  getAlphabeticShortcut        public getAlphabeticShortcut()
  getGroupId                   public getGroupId()
  getIcon                      public getIcon()
  getIntent                    public getIntent()
  getItemId                    public getItemId()
  getMenuInfo                  public getMenuInfo()
  getNumericShortcut           public getNumericShortcut()
  getOrder                     public getOrder()
  getSubMenu                   public getSubMenu()
  getTitle                     public getTitle()
  getTitleCondensed            public getTitleCondensed()
  hasSubMenu                   public hasSubMenu()
  isActionViewExpanded         public isActionViewExpanded()
  isCheckable                  public isCheckable()
  isChecked                    public isChecked()
  isEnabled                    public isEnabled()
  isVisible                    public isVisible()
  setActionProvider            public setActionProvider(android.view.ActionProvider)
  setActionView                public setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public setActionView(int)
  setAlphabeticShortcut        public setAlphabeticShortcut(char)
  setCheckable                 public setCheckable(boolean)
  setChecked                   public setChecked(boolean)
  setEnabled                   public setEnabled(boolean)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(int)
  setIntent                    public setIntent(android.content.Intent)
  setNumericShortcut           public setNumericShortcut(char)
  setOnActionExpandListener    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnActionExpandListener)
  setOnMenuItemClickListener   public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  setShortcut                  public setShortcut(char,char)
  setShowAsAction              public setShowAsAction(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTitleCondensed            public setTitleCondensed(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$ActionProviderWrapper   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tg$u)
===============================================================================
  d        public onPrepareSubMenu(android.view.SubMenu)
  eval_x   public onPerformDefaultAction()
  m        public onCreateActionView()
  o        public hasSubMenu()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$CollapsibleActionViewWrapper    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tg$d)
===============================================================================
  c    public onActionViewExpanded()
  i    getWrappedView()
  z    public onActionViewCollapsed()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$OnActionExpandListenerWrapper   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tg$_)
===============================================================================
  e    public onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  h    public onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$OnMenuItemClickListenerWrapper  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tg$z)
===============================================================================
  onMenuItemClick  public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y_)
===============================================================================
  c    createActionProviderWrapper(android.view.ActionProvider)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB$ActionProviderWrapperJB  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y_$o)
===============================================================================
  c                                public overridesItemVisibility()
  e                                public onCreateActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  g                                public setVisibilityListener(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$VisibilityListener)
  n                                public refreshVisibility()
  r                                public isVisible()
  onActionProviderVisibilityChanged    public onActionProviderVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB$NullPointerException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_aa)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ah)
===============================================================================
  a                static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper)
  e                public onSaveInstanceState()
  eval_e           private measureContentWidth()
  eval_f           public dismiss()
  eval_z           public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  f                public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  f                static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper)
  g                public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  h                public isShowing()
  i                public tryShow()
  j                public show()
  j                public setAnchorView(android.view.View)
  k                public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  l                public getId()
  m                public updateMenuView(boolean)
  n                public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  p                public getPopup()
  p                static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper)
  r                public flagActionItems()
  s                public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  u                public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  w                public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  y                public setForceShowIcon(boolean)
  y                public setGravity(int)
  onDismiss        public onDismiss()
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()
  onItemClick      public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onKey            public onKey(android.view.View,int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$IOException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ys)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$MenuAdapter        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ah$i)
===============================================================================
  eval_o               findExpandedIndex()
  getItem              public getItem(int)
  s                    static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$MenuAdapter)
  getCount             public getCount()
  getItem              public volatile getItem(int)
  getItemId            public getItemId(int)
  getView              public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  notifyDataSetChanged public notifyDataSetChanged()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z_)
===============================================================================
  e        public abstract onSaveInstanceState()
  eval_z   public abstract onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  f        public abstract onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  g        public abstract initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  k        public abstract collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  l        public abstract getId()
  m        public abstract updateMenuView(boolean)
  n        public abstract getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  r        public abstract flagActionItems()
  s        public abstract onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  u        public abstract expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  w        public abstract setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z_$y)
===============================================================================
  p    public abstract onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  r    public abstract onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gp)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  q    public abstract getWindowAnimations()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gp$p)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract getItemData()
  d        public abstract setShortcut(boolean,char)
  eval_c   public abstract showsIcon()
  j        public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  j        public abstract setChecked(boolean)
  k        public abstract setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public abstract prefersCondensedTitle()
  q        public abstract initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,int)
  s        public abstract setCheckable(boolean)
  y        public abstract setEnabled(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperFactory (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oi)
===============================================================================
  r    public static wrapSupportMenuItem(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem)
  u    public static wrapSupportSubMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu)
  y    public static wrapSupportMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperFactory$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fe)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperICS     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xw)
===============================================================================
  add                      public add(int)
  add                      public add(int,int,int,int)
  add                      public add(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  add                      public add(java.lang.CharSequence)
  addIntentOptions         public addIntentOptions(int,int,int,android.content.ComponentName,android.content.Intent[],android.content.Intent,int,android.view.MenuItem[])
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int,int,int,int)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(java.lang.CharSequence)
  clear                    public clear()
  close                    public close()
  findItem                 public findItem(int)
  getItem                  public getItem(int)
  hasVisibleItems          public hasVisibleItems()
  isShortcutKey            public isShortcutKey(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  performIdentifierAction  public performIdentifierAction(int,int)
  performShortcut          public performShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent,int)
  removeGroup              public removeGroup(int)
  removeItem               public removeItem(int)
  setGroupCheckable        public setGroupCheckable(int,boolean,boolean)
  setGroupEnabled          public setGroupEnabled(int,boolean)
  setGroupVisible          public setGroupVisible(int,boolean)
  setQwertyMode            public setQwertyMode(boolean)
  size                     public size()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperICS$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z0)
===============================================================================
  a                public getRootMenu()
  e                public setShortcutsVisible(boolean)
  eval_c           public isQwertyMode()
  eval_e           public getParentMenu()
  eval_u           public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  g                public isShortcutsVisible()
  q                public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  r                dispatchMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  w                public getActionViewStatesKey()
  z                public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  getItem          public getItem()
  setHeaderIcon    public setHeaderIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setHeaderIcon    public setHeaderIcon(int)
  setHeaderTitle   public setHeaderTitle(int)
  setHeaderTitle   public setHeaderTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setHeaderView    public setHeaderView(android.view.View)
  setIcon          public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon          public setIcon(int)
  setQwertyMode    public setQwertyMode(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuWrapperICS  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ey)
===============================================================================
  n                public getWrappedObject()
  clearHeader      public clearHeader()
  getItem          public getItem()
  setHeaderIcon    public setHeaderIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setHeaderIcon    public setHeaderIcon(int)
  setHeaderTitle   public setHeaderTitle(int)
  setHeaderTitle   public setHeaderTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setHeaderView    public setHeaderView(android.view.View)
  setIcon          public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon          public setIcon(int)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuWrapperICS$NullPointerException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l0)
===============================================================================
  a                        public canShowOverflowMenu()
  b                        public showOverflowMenu()
  b                        public setContentHeight(int)
  c                        public dismissPopupMenus()
  c                        public animateToVisibility(int)
  eval_l                   public setSplitView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  eval_o                   public isOverflowReserved()
  eval_p                   public getContentHeight()
  f                        public postShowOverflowMenu()
  g                        protected measureChildView(android.view.View,int,int,int)
  h                        protected positionChild(android.view.View,int,int,int,boolean)
  i                        public getAnimatedVisibility()
  l                        public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  l                        protected static next(int,int,boolean)
  m                        public setSplitWhenNarrow(boolean)
  u                        public hideOverflowMenu()
  v                        public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  w                        public setSplitToolbar(boolean)
  onConfigurationChanged   protected onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$1    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l0$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_na)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$VisibilityAnimListener       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l0$l)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  d    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  r    public withFinalVisibility(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,int)
  t    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h7)
===============================================================================
  a                            public setSelection(int,boolean)
  b                            recycleAllViews()
  c                            static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat,android.view.View,boolean)
  c                            getChildWidth(android.view.View)
  d                            public volatile setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
  e                            getChildHeight(android.view.View)
  eval_i                       public getSelectedView()
  eval_n                       private initAbsSpinner()
  f                            public setSelection(int)
  h                            setSelectionInt(int,boolean)
  k                            public getCount()
  o                            public pointToPosition(int,int)
  s                            abstract layout(int,boolean)
  t                            resetList()
  v                            public setAdapter(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter)
  y                            public getAdapter()
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState       public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState          public onSaveInstanceState()
  requestLayout                public requestLayout()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$RecycleBin   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h7$c)
===============================================================================
  i    get(int)
  p    clear()
  z    public put(int,android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h7$h)
===============================================================================
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState$1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h7$h$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState$ParseException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawable   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_to)
===============================================================================
  draw             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getOpacity       public getOpacity()
  setAlpha         public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter   public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawable$ParseException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawableV21        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jm)
===============================================================================
  getOutline   public getOutline(android.graphics.Outline)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawableV21$NullPointerException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContainer    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ic)
===============================================================================
  a                            public setStackedBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  a                            public setTransitioning(boolean)
  e                            public setTabContainer(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
  j                            public setPrimaryBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  l                            public startActionModeForChild(android.view.View,android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  q                            private isCollapsed(android.view.View)
  r                            public getTabContainer()
  y                            private getMeasuredHeightWithMargins(android.view.View)
  z                            public setSplitBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  drawableStateChanged         protected drawableStateChanged()
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState  public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState()
  onFinishInflate              public onFinishInflate()
  onInterceptTouchEvent        public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                     public onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                    public onMeasure(int,int)
  onTouchEvent                 public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setVisibility                public setVisibility(int)
  startActionModeForChild      public startActionModeForChild(android.view.View,android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  verifyDrawable               protected verifyDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContainer$IOException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cn)
===============================================================================
  a                                public volatile canShowOverflowMenu()
  a                                public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  b                                public showOverflowMenu()
  b                                public setContentHeight(int)
  c                                public volatile dismissPopupMenus()
  c                                public volatile animateToVisibility(int)
  d                                public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  eval__                           private makeInAnimation()
  eval_a                           public getSubtitle()
  eval_f                           private makeOutAnimation()
  eval_l                           public volatile setSplitView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  eval_n                           private initTitle()
  eval_o                           public volatile isOverflowReserved()
  eval_p                           public volatile getContentHeight()
  eval_t                           public killMode()
  f                                public volatile postShowOverflowMenu()
  h                                public setTitleOptional(boolean)
  i                                public volatile getAnimatedVisibility()
  l                                public volatile isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  m                                public volatile setSplitWhenNarrow(boolean)
  n                                public initForMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  n                                public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  n                                public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p                                public isTitleOptional()
  r                                public closeMode()
  t                                public getTitle()
  t                                public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  u                                public hideOverflowMenu()
  v                                public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  w                                public setSplitToolbar(boolean)
  x                                private finishAnimation()
  y                                public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  onDetachedFromWindow             public onDetachedFromWindow()
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  shouldDelayChildPressedState     public shouldDelayChildPressedState()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView$1        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cn$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView$NullPointerException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dx)
===============================================================================
  a                                public setMenuPrepared()
  b                                private getDecorToolbar(android.view.View)
  c                                public canShowOverflowMenu()
  d                                public hideOverflowMenu()
  d                                static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  e                                public isHideOnContentScrollEnabled()
  e                                public setMenu(android.view.Menu,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  eval_b                           public setLogo(int)
  eval_c                           static access$600(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  eval_g                           public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  eval_l                           private addActionBarHideOffset()
  eval_n                           pullChildren()
  eval_r                           private postRemoveActionBarHideOffset()
  eval_r                           public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_w                           private haltActionBarHideOffsetAnimations()
  eval_w                           public setWindowCallback(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback)
  eval_z                           public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  g                                public showOverflowMenu()
  g                                static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  g                                static access$002(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  h                                public isInOverlayMode()
  h                                private shouldHideActionBarOnFling(float,float)
  i                                public dismissPopups()
  i                                public setActionBarHideOffset(int)
  j                                private init(android.content.Context)
  k                                private postAddActionBarHideOffset()
  k                                public saveToolbarHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  k                                public setUiOptions(int)
  m                                public setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
  n                                public getTitle()
  n                                public setShowingForActionMode(boolean)
  q                                public hasIcon()
  q                                static access$202(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  r                                public getActionBarHideOffset()
  r                                public restoreToolbarHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  s                                public setHasNonEmbeddedTabs(boolean)
  t                                private removeActionBarHideOffset()
  t                                static access$700(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  u                                public setActionBarVisibilityCallback(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback)
  v                                static access$102(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout,boolean)
  w                                public hasLogo()
  x                                public initFeature(int)
  y                                static access$500(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  y                                public setOverlayMode(boolean)
  z                                private applyInsets(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect,boolean,boolean,boolean,boolean)
  z                                public setIcon(int)
  z                                public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  draw                             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  fitSystemWindows                 protected fitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onConfigurationChanged           protected onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onNestedFling                    public onNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  onNestedScroll                   public onNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  onNestedScrollAccepted           public onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  onStartNestedScroll              public onStartNestedScroll(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  onStopNestedScroll               public onStopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
  onWindowSystemUiVisibilityChanged    public onWindowSystemUiVisibilityChanged(int)
  onWindowVisibilityChanged        protected onWindowVisibilityChanged(int)
  shouldDelayChildPressedState     public shouldDelayChildPressedState()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dx$1)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  d    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$2      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dx$2)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  d    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$3      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dx$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$4      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dx$4)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dx$l)
===============================================================================
  eval_q   public abstract hideForSystem()
  eval_t   public abstract onContentScrollStarted()
  eval_w   public abstract onContentScrollStopped()
  eval_w   public abstract enableContentAnimations(boolean)
  j        public abstract onWindowVisibilityChanged(int)
  x        public abstract showForSystem()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$LayoutParams   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dx$w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ParseException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ex)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs)
===============================================================================
  a        public chooseActivity(int)
  b        public setOnChooseActivityListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$OnChooseActivityListener)
  d        public getActivityIndex(android.content.pm.ResolveInfo)
  e        public getHistorySize()
  e        public getActivity(int)
  eval_a   private loadActivitiesIfNeeded()
  eval_w   private sortActivitiesIfNeeded()
  g        private persistHistoricalDataIfNeeded()
  h        static access$300()
  h        public static get(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  h        static access$502(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel,boolean)
  i        public getHistoryMaxSize()
  i        static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
  j        private readHistoricalDataImpl()
  j        public setActivitySorter(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivitySorter)
  k        public getDefaultActivity()
  n        public setIntent(android.content.Intent)
  o        public getIntent()
  s        public setDefaultActivity(int)
  t        private addHisoricalRecord(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$HistoricalRecord)
  t        public setHistoryMaxSize(int)
  v        private readHistoricalDataIfNeeded()
  w        public getActivityCount()
  x        private ensureConsistentState()
  y        static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
  z        private pruneExcessiveHistoricalRecordsIfNeeded()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$1        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityChooserModelClient       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs$m)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract setActivityChooserModel(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityResolveInfo      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs$eval_k)
===============================================================================
  m            public compareTo(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityResolveInfo)
  compareTo    public volatile compareTo(java.lang.Object)
  equals       public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode     public hashCode()
  toString     public toString()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivitySorter   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs$t)
===============================================================================
  eval_l   public abstract sort(android.content.Intent,java.util.List,java.util.List)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$DefaultSorter    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs$eval_h)
===============================================================================
  eval_l   public sort(android.content.Intent,java.util.List,java.util.List)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$HistoricalRecord (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs$e)
===============================================================================
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$NullPointerException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_aw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$OnChooseActivityListener (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs$r)
===============================================================================
  u    public abstract onChooseActivity(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$PersistHistoryAsyncTask  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xs$k)
===============================================================================
  doInBackground   public transient doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  doInBackground   public volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e6)
===============================================================================
  a                    public setProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  a                    static access$800(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  b                    private getListPopupWindow()
  d                    static access$500(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView,int)
  d                    public setDefaultActionButtonContentDescription(int)
  eval_l               static access$1100(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  g                    public setExpandActivityOverflowButtonContentDescription(int)
  i                    static access$900(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  k                    public dismissPopup()
  k                    public setActivityChooserModel(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
  k                    static access$600(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  k                    public setInitialActivityCount(int)
  l                    static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  o                    public showPopup()
  p                    private showPopupUnchecked(int)
  s                    static access$700(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  t                    private updateAppearance()
  u                    public getDataModel()
  u                    public setExpandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  u                    static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  v                    static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  w                    static access$1000(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  y                    static access$602(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView,boolean)
  y                    public setOnDismissListener(android.widget.PopupWindow$OnDismissListener)
  z                    public isShowingPopup()
  onAttachedToWindow   protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout             protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e6$1)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$2 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e6$2)
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$3 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e6$3)
===============================================================================
  onChanged    public onChanged()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$ActivityChooserViewAdapter        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e6$_)
===============================================================================
  d                public getActivityCount()
  e                public getHistorySize()
  eval_i           public getMaxActivityCount()
  eval_i           public setShowFooterView(boolean)
  eval_y           public getDataModel()
  f                public setMaxActivityCount(int)
  i                public setDataModel(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
  n                public getDefaultActivity()
  q                public measureContentWidth()
  t                public getShowDefaultActivity()
  w                public setShowDefaultActivity(boolean,boolean)
  getCount         public getCount()
  getItem          public getItem(int)
  getItemId        public getItemId(int)
  getItemViewType  public getItemViewType(int)
  getView          public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getViewTypeCount public getViewTypeCount()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$Callbacks (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e6$s)
===============================================================================
  c            private notifyOnDismissListener()
  onClick      public onClick(android.view.View)
  onDismiss    public onDismiss()
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onLongClick  public onLongClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$Exception (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez)
===============================================================================
  c                                public getSelectedItemId()
  d                                public abstract setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
  e                                static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat)
  e                                public setOnItemClickListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListener)
  e                                public setOnItemSelectedListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemSelectedListener)
  eval_c                           public getFirstVisiblePosition()
  eval_d                           private fireOnSelected()
  eval_i                           public abstract getSelectedView()
  eval_o                           findSyncPosition()
  eval_u                           public getLastVisiblePosition()
  eval_x                           checkSelectionChanged()
  eval_x                           public getItemIdAtPosition(int)
  eval_y                           handleDataChanged()
  eval_z                           checkFocus()
  f                                public final getOnItemSelectedListener()
  f                                public abstract setSelection(int)
  h                                public final getOnItemLongClickListener()
  i                                public getPositionForView(android.view.View)
  j                                public final getOnItemClickListener()
  k                                public getCount()
  n                                public getEmptyView()
  n                                static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.os.Parcelable)
  o                                setNextSelectedPositionInt(int)
  p                                public getSelectedItem()
  q                                isInFilterMode()
  s                                selectionChanged()
  u                                private updateEmptyStatus(boolean)
  v                                public setEmptyView(android.view.View)
  v                                public performItemClick(android.view.View,int,long)
  v                                lookForSelectablePosition(int,boolean)
  w                                rememberSyncState()
  w                                public setOnItemLongClickListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemLongClickListener)
  x                                public getSelectedItemPosition()
  x                                static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat)
  x                                public getItemAtPosition(int)
  y                                public abstract getAdapter()
  y                                setSelectedPositionInt(int)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,int)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  canAnimate                       protected canAnimate()
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  dispatchRestoreInstanceState     protected dispatchRestoreInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)
  dispatchSaveInstanceState        protected dispatchSaveInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  removeAllViews                   public removeAllViews()
  removeView                       public removeView(android.view.View)
  removeViewAt                     public removeViewAt(int)
  setFocusable                     public setFocusable(boolean)
  setFocusableInTouchMode          public setFocusableInTouchMode(boolean)
  setOnClickListener               public setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$AdapterContextMenuInfo      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez$v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$AdapterDataSetObserver      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez$t)
===============================================================================
  c                public clearSavedState()
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListener (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez$s)
===============================================================================
  w    public abstract onItemClick(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListenerWrapper  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez$w)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemLongClickListener     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez$f)
===============================================================================
  w    public abstract onItemLongClick(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemSelectedListener      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez$i)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onNothingSelected(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat)
  o    public abstract onItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$ParseException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_x4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$SelectionNotifier   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ez$g)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v3)
===============================================================================
  showAsDropDown   public showAsDropDown(android.view.View,int,int)
  showAsDropDown   public showAsDropDown(android.view.View,int,int,int)
  update           public update(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow$NullPointerException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.CompatTextView        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_is)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.CompatTextView$Exception      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_aq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ContentFrameLayout    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t3)
===============================================================================
  o    public dispatchFitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ContentFrameLayout$IOException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ub)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorContentParent    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_e_)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract setMenuPrepared()
  c        public abstract canShowOverflowMenu()
  d        public abstract hideOverflowMenu()
  e        public abstract setMenu(android.view.Menu,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  eval_b   public abstract setLogo(int)
  eval_g   public abstract isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  eval_r   public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_w   public abstract setWindowCallback(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback)
  eval_z   public abstract isOverflowMenuShowing()
  g        public abstract showOverflowMenu()
  i        public abstract dismissPopups()
  k        public abstract saveToolbarHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  k        public abstract setUiOptions(int)
  n        public abstract getTitle()
  q        public abstract hasIcon()
  r        public abstract restoreToolbarHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  w        public abstract hasLogo()
  x        public abstract initFeature(int)
  z        public abstract setIcon(int)
  z        public abstract setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorContentParent$IOException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorToolbar  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ga)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getTitle()
  a        public abstract setLogo(int)
  b        public abstract isTitleTruncated()
  b        public abstract setNavigationContentDescription(int)
  c        public abstract isSplit()
  d        public abstract collapseActionView()
  e        public abstract setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  e        public abstract setNavigationMode(int)
  eval_b   public abstract hideOverflowMenu()
  eval_c   public abstract canSplit()
  eval_e   public abstract getDisplayOptions()
  eval_g   public abstract getSubtitle()
  eval_h   public abstract showOverflowMenu()
  eval_k   public abstract setMenuPrepared()
  eval_m   public abstract hasEmbeddedTabs()
  eval_m   public abstract setMenu(android.view.Menu,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  eval_n   public abstract dismissPopupMenus()
  eval_n   public abstract setNavigationIcon(int)
  eval_p   public abstract hasLogo()
  eval_p   public abstract setDefaultNavigationContentDescription(int)
  eval_t   public abstract getDropdownItemCount()
  eval_v   public abstract getDropdownSelectedPosition()
  eval_x   public abstract getCustomView()
  g        public abstract setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  g        public abstract setDropdownSelectedPosition(int)
  g        public abstract setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  h        public abstract isOverflowMenuShowing()
  h        public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View)
  h        public abstract setSplitView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  i        public abstract getContext()
  i        public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  i        public abstract setSplitWhenNarrow(boolean)
  i        public abstract setIcon(int)
  j        public abstract hasIcon()
  k        public abstract setWindowCallback(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback)
  n        public abstract hasExpandedActionView()
  n        public abstract setDefaultNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  n        public abstract saveHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  n        public abstract animateToVisibility(int)
  n        public abstract setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public abstract canShowOverflowMenu()
  o        public abstract setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public abstract initProgress()
  r        public abstract setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  r        public abstract restoreHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  r        public abstract setDropdownParams(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemSelectedListener)
  r        public abstract setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public abstract setCollapsible(boolean)
  s        public abstract setDisplayOptions(int)
  t        public abstract getNavigationMode()
  t        public abstract setSplitToolbar(boolean)
  u        public abstract initIndeterminateProgress()
  y        public abstract isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  z        public abstract getViewGroup()
  z        public abstract setEmbeddedTabView(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorToolbar$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DrawableWrapper       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_st)
===============================================================================
  draw                         public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getChangingConfigurations    public getChangingConfigurations()
  getCurrent                   public getCurrent()
  getIntrinsicHeight           public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth            public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getMinimumHeight             public getMinimumHeight()
  getMinimumWidth              public getMinimumWidth()
  getOpacity                   public getOpacity()
  getPadding                   public getPadding(android.graphics.Rect)
  getState                     public getState()
  getTransparentRegion         public getTransparentRegion()
  invalidateDrawable           public invalidateDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  isAutoMirrored               public isAutoMirrored()
  isStateful                   public isStateful()
  jumpToCurrentState           public jumpToCurrentState()
  onLevelChange                protected onLevelChange(int)
  scheduleDrawable             public scheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  setAlpha                     public setAlpha(int)
  setAutoMirrored              public setAutoMirrored(boolean)
  setBounds                    public setBounds(int,int,int,int)
  setChangingConfigurations    public setChangingConfigurations(int)
  setColorFilter               public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  setDither                    public setDither(boolean)
  setFilterBitmap              public setFilterBitmap(boolean)
  setHotspot                   public setHotspot(float,float)
  setHotspotBounds             public setHotspotBounds(int,int,int,int)
  setState                     public setState(int[])
  setTint                      public setTint(int)
  setTintList                  public setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  setTintMode                  public setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean,boolean)
  unscheduleDrawable           public unscheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DrawableWrapper$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q8)
===============================================================================
  g                public setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
  fitSystemWindows protected fitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_va)
===============================================================================
  g                public setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
  fitSystemWindows protected fitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout$ParseException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jb)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$Exception (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jb$_)
===============================================================================
  y    public abstract onFitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q6)
===============================================================================
  a                    public measureHeightOfChildrenCompat(int,int,int,int,int)
  d                    protected positionSelectorLikeTouchCompat(int,android.view.View,float,float)
  eval_v               protected positionSelectorCompat(int,android.view.View)
  h                    protected touchModeDrawsInPressedStateCompat()
  j                    protected drawSelectorCompat(android.graphics.Canvas)
  k                    protected updateSelectorStateCompat()
  k                    public lookForSelectablePosition(int,boolean)
  u                    protected setSelectorEnabled(boolean)
  u                    protected positionSelectorLikeFocusCompat(int,android.view.View)
  z                    protected shouldShowSelectorCompat()
  dispatchDraw         protected dispatchDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawableStateChanged protected drawableStateChanged()
  setSelector          public setSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat$Exception      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat$GateKeeperDrawable     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_q6$s)
===============================================================================
  p                setEnabled(boolean)
  draw             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  setHotspot       public setHotspot(float,float)
  setHotspotBounds public setHotspotBounds(int,int,int,int)
  setState         public setState(int[])
  setVisible       public setVisible(boolean,boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_as)
===============================================================================
  o                        public setActionModeForChildListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout$OnActionModeForChildListener)
  startActionModeForChild  public startActionModeForChild(android.view.View,android.view.ActionMode$Callback)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout$OnActionModeForChildListener      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_as$g)
===============================================================================
  q    public abstract startActionModeForChild(android.view.View,android.view.ActionMode$Callback)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout$ParseException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ng)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.RtlSpacingHelper      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y8)
===============================================================================
  b    public setDirection(boolean)
  c    public setAbsolute(int,int)
  d    public getRight()
  m    public getLeft()
  n    public getStart()
  p    public setRelative(int,int)
  s    public getEnd()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.RtlSpacingHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l5)
===============================================================================
  b                        private isCollapsed()
  b                        public setContentHeight(int)
  c                        static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
  e                        public animateToTab(int)
  g                        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int,boolean)
  h                        private performCollapse()
  h                        static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  h                        public animateToVisibility(int)
  i                        public removeAllTabs()
  j                        public setTabSelected(int)
  o                        public setAllowCollapse(boolean)
  q                        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  s                        private createSpinner()
  t                        private performExpand()
  w                        public onItemClick(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.view.View,int,long)
  x                        private createTabLayout()
  x                        public removeTabAt(int)
  z                        private createTabView(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  z                        public updateTab(int)
  onAttachedToWindow       public onAttachedToWindow()
  onConfigurationChanged   protected onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onDetachedFromWindow     public onDetachedFromWindow()
  onMeasure                public onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l5$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$NullPointerException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabAdapter  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l5$b)
===============================================================================
  getCount     public getCount()
  getItem      public getItem(int)
  getItemId    public getItemId(int)
  getView      public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabClickListener    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l5$x)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabView     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l5$f)
===============================================================================
  q                                public bindTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  r                                public update()
  u                                public getTab()
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onLongClick                      public onLongClick(android.view.View)
  onMeasure                        public onMeasure(int,int)
  setSelected                      public setSelected(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$VisibilityAnimListener      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l5$o)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  d    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  i    public withFinalVisibility(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,int)
  t    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl)
===============================================================================
  c                        public setDropDownHorizontalOffset(int)
  d                        public getDropDownVerticalOffset()
  d                        setOnItemClickListenerInt(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListener)
  d                        public volatile setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
  e                        public setOnItemClickListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListener)
  e                        private makeView(int,boolean)
  eval_j                   public getPrompt()
  eval_m                   public getDropDownWidth()
  eval_p                   public getDropDownHorizontalOffset()
  eval_q                   public getPopupBackground()
  eval_v                   public setPromptId(int)
  g                        static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat)
  g                        public setDropDownWidth(int)
  l                        public setGravity(int)
  n                        public setPopupBackgroundResource(int)
  r                        public setPopupBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  r                        public setPrompt(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s                        measureContentWidth(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  s                        layout(int,boolean)
  u                        static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat)
  u                        public setDropDownVerticalOffset(int)
  v                        private setUpChild(android.view.View,boolean)
  v                        public setAdapter(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter)
  getBaseline              public getBaseline()
  onClick                  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
  onDetachedFromWindow     protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout                 protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState   public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState      public onSaveInstanceState()
  onTouchEvent             public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  performClick             public performClick()
  setEnabled               public setEnabled(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$1       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$1)
===============================================================================
  b        public getPopup()
  eval_q   public onForwardingStarted()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$2       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$2)
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DialogPopup     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$q)
===============================================================================
  c        public getVerticalOffset()
  g        public setVerticalOffset(int)
  m        public getBackground()
  m        public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p        public getHintText()
  p        public setHorizontalOffset(int)
  q        public show()
  q        public setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  w        public isShowing()
  x        public getHorizontalOffset()
  y        public dismiss()
  z        public setPromptText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropDownAdapter (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$k)
===============================================================================
  areAllItemsEnabled           public areAllItemsEnabled()
  getCount                     public getCount()
  getDropDownView              public getDropDownView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getItem                      public getItem(int)
  getItemId                    public getItemId(int)
  getItemViewType              public getItemViewType(int)
  getView                      public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getViewTypeCount             public getViewTypeCount()
  hasStableIds                 public hasStableIds()
  isEmpty                      public isEmpty()
  isEnabled                    public isEnabled(int)
  registerDataSetObserver      public registerDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)
  unregisterDataSetObserver    public unregisterDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$p)
===============================================================================
  i    static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup)
  m    static access$501(android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup)
  p    public getHintText()
  q    public setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  r    computeContentWidth()
  y    public show(int,int)
  z    public setPromptText(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$p$1)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$2 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$p$2)
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$3 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$p$3)
===============================================================================
  onDismiss    public onDismiss()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$ParseException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ue)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$eval_c)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState$1    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$eval_c$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState$Exception    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SpinnerPopup    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rl$g)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract getVerticalOffset()
  g    public abstract setVerticalOffset(int)
  m    public abstract getBackground()
  m    public abstract setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p    public abstract getHintText()
  p    public abstract setHorizontalOffset(int)
  q    public abstract show()
  q    public abstract setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  w    public abstract isShowing()
  x    public abstract getHorizontalOffset()
  y    public abstract dismiss()
  z    public abstract setPromptText(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckBox  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u4)
===============================================================================
  setButtonDrawable    public setButtonDrawable(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckBox$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_w4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckedTextView   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_dt)
===============================================================================
  setCheckMarkDrawable public setCheckMarkDrawable(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckedTextView$Exception (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ap)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintDrawableWrapper   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ki)
===============================================================================
  t            private updateTint(int[])
  isStateful   public isStateful()
  setState     public setState(int[])

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintDrawableWrapper$Exception (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintEditText  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintEditText$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintImageView (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yg)
===============================================================================
  setImageResource public setImageResource(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintImageView$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zd)
===============================================================================
  c    tintDrawable(int,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  e    public static getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)
  e    public getDrawable(int)
  f    getThemeAttrColor(int)
  j    getThemeAttrColor(int,float)
  k    private static arrayContains(int[],int)
  m    private getDefaultColorStateList()
  p    private static isInTintList(int)
  s    private getSwitchTrackColorStateList()
  v    getDisabledThemeAttrColor(int)
  z    private getSwitchThumbColorStateList()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager$ColorFilterLruCache       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zd$s)
===============================================================================
  h    private static generateCacheKey(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  v    put(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode,android.graphics.PorterDuffColorFilter)
  z    get(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRadioButton       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v2)
===============================================================================
  setButtonDrawable    public setButtonDrawable(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRadioButton$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintResources (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vd)
===============================================================================
  getDrawable  public getDrawable(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintResources$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_if)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintSpinner   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v6)
===============================================================================
  z    private static setPopupBackgroundDrawableV11(android.widget.Spinner,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintSpinner$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_p7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintTypedArray        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mg)
===============================================================================
  a        public getDimension(int,float)
  a        public getFraction(int,int,int,float)
  b        public getChangingConfigurations()
  b        public static obtainStyledAttributes(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int[])
  c        public getIndex(int)
  d        public getType(int)
  e        public getInt(int,int)
  eval_d   public getTintManager()
  eval_d   public getLayoutDimension(int,int)
  eval_e   public recycle()
  eval_m   public getTextArray(int)
  g        public getNonResourceString(int)
  g        public getColor(int,int)
  h        public getInteger(int,int)
  i        public getIndexCount()
  j        public getDimensionPixelSize(int,int)
  j        public getLayoutDimension(int,java.lang.String)
  l        public getResources()
  l        public getFloat(int,float)
  n        public hasValue(int)
  o        public getResourceId(int,int)
  r        public getColorStateList(int)
  s        public getPositionDescription()
  t        public getBoolean(int,boolean)
  u        public peekValue(int)
  v        public length()
  w        public getString(int)
  w        public getValue(int,android.util.TypedValue)
  x        public getText(int)
  y        public static obtainStyledAttributes(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int[],int,int)
  z        public getDrawable(int)
  z        public getDimensionPixelOffset(int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintTypedArray$Exception      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kj)
===============================================================================
  a        public getTitle()
  a        public setLogo(int)
  b        public isTitleTruncated()
  b        public setNavigationContentDescription(int)
  c        public isSplit()
  d        public collapseActionView()
  e        public setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  e        public setNavigationMode(int)
  eval_b   public hideOverflowMenu()
  eval_c   public canSplit()
  eval_e   public getDisplayOptions()
  eval_g   public getSubtitle()
  eval_h   public showOverflowMenu()
  eval_k   public setMenuPrepared()
  eval_m   public hasEmbeddedTabs()
  eval_m   public setMenu(android.view.Menu,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  eval_n   public dismissPopupMenus()
  eval_n   public setNavigationIcon(int)
  eval_n   private setTitleInt(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_p   public hasLogo()
  eval_p   public setDefaultNavigationContentDescription(int)
  eval_t   public getDropdownItemCount()
  eval_u   private updateToolbarLogo()
  eval_v   public getDropdownSelectedPosition()
  eval_x   public getCustomView()
  eval_z   private ensureSpinner()
  g        public setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  g        static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper)
  g        public setDropdownSelectedPosition(int)
  g        public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  h        public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  h        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  h        public setSplitView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  i        public getContext()
  i        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  i        static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper)
  i        public setSplitWhenNarrow(boolean)
  i        public setIcon(int)
  j        public hasIcon()
  j        static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper)
  k        public setWindowCallback(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback)
  l        private detectDisplayOptions()
  m        private updateHomeAccessibility()
  n        public hasExpandedActionView()
  n        public setDefaultNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  n        public saveHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  n        public animateToVisibility(int)
  n        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public canShowOverflowMenu()
  o        public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public initProgress()
  r        private updateNavigationIcon()
  r        public setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  r        public restoreHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  r        public setDropdownParams(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemSelectedListener)
  r        public setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public setCollapsible(boolean)
  s        public setDisplayOptions(int)
  t        public getNavigationMode()
  t        public setSplitToolbar(boolean)
  u        public initIndeterminateProgress()
  w        static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper)
  y        public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  z        public getViewGroup()
  z        public setEmbeddedTabView(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$1        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kj$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$2        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kj$2)
===============================================================================
  a    public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  d    public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$3        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kj$3)
===============================================================================
  t    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$NullPointerException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g6)
===============================================================================
  eval_r           public getLayoutResource()
  f                public inflate()
  g                public getLayoutInflater()
  l                public getInflatedId()
  r                public setLayoutResource(int)
  u                public setLayoutInflater(android.view.LayoutInflater)
  w                public setOnInflateListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener)
  w                public setInflatedId(int)
  dispatchDraw     protected dispatchDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  draw             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onMeasure        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  setVisibility    public setVisibility(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat$Exception      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_l3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g6$t)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onInflate(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat,android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewUtils     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uh)
===============================================================================
  e        public static combineMeasuredStates(int,int)
  eval_o   public static computeFitSystemWindows(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)
  g        public static isLayoutRtl(android.view.View)
  l        public static makeOptionalFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewUtils$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.ActionMode       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cl)
===============================================================================
  a    public getTitleOptionalHint()
  a    public abstract setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  e    public isUiFocusable()
  g    public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View)
  i    public abstract setTitle(int)
  m    public abstract getCustomView()
  m    public abstract setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p    public abstract getTitle()
  p    public abstract setSubtitle(int)
  p    public setTag(java.lang.Object)
  q    public abstract finish()
  r    public isTitleOptional()
  u    public abstract getMenuInflater()
  v    public getTag()
  v    public setTitleOptionalHint(boolean)
  w    public abstract invalidate()
  x    public abstract getSubtitle()
  z    public abstract getMenu()

android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cl$o)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract onDestroyActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  eval_i   public abstract onPrepareActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)
  l        public abstract onActionItemClicked(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.MenuItem)
  t        public abstract onCreateActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Exception     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.CollapsibleActionView    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xv)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract onActionViewExpanded()
  z    public abstract onActionViewCollapsed()

android.support.v7.view.CollapsibleActionView$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci)
===============================================================================
  a        public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  b        public setMenuView(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView)
  d        public hideOverflowMenu()
  d        static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  e        public onSaveInstanceState()
  e        public setWidthLimit(int,boolean)
  eval_a   public setReserveOverflow(boolean)
  eval_j   public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  eval_m   public hideSubMenus()
  eval_r   public isOverflowReserved()
  eval_v   static access$700(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  eval_z   public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  eval_z   static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  f        public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  f        static access$800(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  g        public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  g        static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  h        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  h        public bindItemView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView)
  i        public dismissPopupMenus()
  k        public setExpandedActionViewsExclusive(boolean)
  k        public setItemLimit(int)
  m        static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  m        public updateMenuView(boolean)
  n        public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  o        static access$202(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter,android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowPopup)
  p        static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  q        public filterLeftoverView(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  r        public flagActionItems()
  s        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  s        static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  t        public shouldIncludeItem(int,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  u        static access$702(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter,android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionButtonSubmenu)
  v        static access$302(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter,android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OpenOverflowRunnable)
  w        public getItemView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  z        public showOverflowMenu()
  z        private findViewForItem(android.view.MenuItem)
  z        public onSubUiVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$1  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionButtonSubmenu        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$r)
===============================================================================
  onDismiss    public onDismiss()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionMenuPopupCallback    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$l)
===============================================================================
  k    public getPopup()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OpenOverflowRunnable       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$q)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$p)
===============================================================================
  eval_r       public needsDividerAfter()
  w            public needsDividerBefore()
  performClick public performClick()
  setFrame     protected setFrame(int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton$1       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$p$1)
===============================================================================
  b        public getPopup()
  eval_q   public onForwardingStarted()
  u        public onForwardingStopped()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton$Exception       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wa)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowPopup      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$g)
===============================================================================
  onDismiss    public onDismiss()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$PopupPresenterCallback     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$k)
===============================================================================
  p    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  r    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$m)
===============================================================================
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState$1       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ci$m$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_jc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rn)
===============================================================================
  a                                public peekMenu()
  b                                private onMeasureExactFormat(int,int)
  c                                public setPresenter(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  d                                public initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  d                                public setExpandedActionViewsExclusive(boolean)
  e                                public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  eval_j                           public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  eval_t                           public dismissPopupMenus()
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  h                                public getMenu()
  i                                public setPopupTheme(int)
  j                                static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView)
  m                                public setOverflowReserved(boolean)
  n                                public hideOverflowMenu()
  p                                public invokeItem(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  q                                public getWindowAnimations()
  r                                public showOverflowMenu()
  r                                protected hasSupportDividerBeforeChildAt(int)
  t                                public setMenuCallbacks(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  v                                public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  v                                static measureChildForCells(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  x                                public getPopupTheme()
  y                                public generateOverflowButtonLayoutParams()
  z                                public isOverflowReserved()
  z                                static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected volatile generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onConfigurationChanged           public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onDetachedFromWindow             public onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$1       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rn$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$ActionMenuChildView     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rn$r)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public abstract needsDividerAfter()
  w        public abstract needsDividerBefore()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$ActionMenuPresenterCallback     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rn$x)
===============================================================================
  p    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  r    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$LayoutParams    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rn$o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$MenuBuilderCallback     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rn$g)
===============================================================================
  s    public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  y    public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$NullPointerException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rn$h)
===============================================================================
  q    public abstract onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vy)
===============================================================================
  a                                drawDividersVertical(android.graphics.Canvas)
  a                                public setDividerPadding(int)
  b                                public getDividerPadding()
  b                                public setMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled(boolean)
  b                                public setGravity(int)
  c                                getChildrenSkipCount(android.view.View,int)
  d                                public getDividerDrawable()
  eval_a                           public getShowDividers()
  eval_c                           private forceUniformWidth(int,int)
  eval_e                           public getOrientation()
  eval_i                           public setVerticalGravity(int)
  eval_j                           public setHorizontalGravity(int)
  eval_l                           public getDividerWidth()
  eval_n                           public isBaselineAligned()
  eval_p                           public setWeightSum(float)
  eval_u                           public getBaselineAlignedChildIndex()
  eval_w                           getVirtualChildCount()
  f                                getVirtualChildAt(int)
  g                                drawDividersHorizontal(android.graphics.Canvas)
  g                                getNextLocationOffset(android.view.View)
  g                                private setChildFrame(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  i                                public getWeightSum()
  j                                public isMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled()
  m                                measureHorizontal(int,int)
  m                                layoutVertical(int,int,int,int)
  o                                public setOrientation(int)
  p                                public setDividerDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  q                                measureVertical(int,int)
  r                                drawVerticalDivider(android.graphics.Canvas,int)
  s                                getLocationOffset(android.view.View)
  s                                measureChildBeforeLayout(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int)
  t                                layoutHorizontal(int,int,int,int)
  u                                drawHorizontalDivider(android.graphics.Canvas,int)
  u                                public setBaselineAligned(boolean)
  u                                public setShowDividers(int)
  v                                measureNullChild(int)
  x                                protected hasDividerBeforeChildAt(int)
  y                                private forceUniformHeight(int,int)
  z                                public setBaselineAlignedChildIndex(int)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected volatile generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  getBaseline                      public getBaseline()
  onDraw                           protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  shouldDelayChildPressedState     public shouldDelayChildPressedState()

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$DividerMode (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vy$t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$LayoutParams        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vy$i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$OrientationMode     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vy$m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou)
===============================================================================
  a        static access$1200(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow)
  b        public postShow()
  b        public createDragToOpenListener(android.view.View)
  c        public getVerticalOffset()
  c        public setListSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  c        public setOnItemClickListener(android.widget.AdapterView$OnItemClickListener)
  e        static access$1300(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow)
  eval__   public setSelection(int)
  eval_a   public isInputMethodNotNeeded()
  eval_c   private buildDropDown()
  eval_f   public setAnimationStyle(int)
  eval_g   public setHeight(int)
  eval_h   public setContentWidth(int)
  eval_i   public getSelectedView()
  eval_j   public getHeight()
  eval_k   public setInputMethodMode(int)
  eval_l   public getSelectedItemPosition()
  eval_n   public getSelectedItemId()
  eval_p   private removePromptView()
  eval_p   public performItemClick(int)
  eval_r   public getSelectedItem()
  eval_s   public isDropDownAlwaysVisible()
  eval_t   public isModal()
  eval_v   public setWidth(int)
  f        public getWidth()
  f        public setPromptView(android.view.View)
  g        public getListView()
  g        static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow)
  g        public setVerticalOffset(int)
  g        public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  i        public clearListSelection()
  i        public setPromptPosition(int)
  k        public getSoftInputMode()
  k        static access$1100(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow)
  m        public getBackground()
  m        public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  n        private setPopupClipToScreenEnabled(boolean)
  n        public setDropDownGravity(int)
  n        public onKeyPreIme(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  p        public setAnchorView(android.view.View)
  p        public setHorizontalOffset(int)
  q        public show()
  q        public setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  q        public setForceIgnoreOutsideTouch(boolean)
  q        setListItemExpandMax(int)
  r        public setOnItemSelectedListener(android.widget.AdapterView$OnItemSelectedListener)
  r        public setOnDismissListener(android.widget.PopupWindow$OnDismissListener)
  r        public setSoftInputMode(int)
  s        public getAnimationStyle()
  s        public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  u        public getInputMethodMode()
  u        public setDropDownAlwaysVisible(boolean)
  v        public getAnchorView()
  v        public setModal(boolean)
  w        public isShowing()
  w        private static isConfirmKey(int)
  x        public getHorizontalOffset()
  y        public dismiss()
  z        public getPromptPosition()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$1)
===============================================================================
  b    public getPopup()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$2      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$3      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$3)
===============================================================================
  onItemSelected       public onItemSelected(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onNothingSelected    public onNothingSelected(android.widget.AdapterView)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$DropDownListView       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$_)
===============================================================================
  e                private clearPressedItem()
  h                protected touchModeDrawsInPressedStateCompat()
  q                private clickPressedItem(android.view.View,int)
  q                private setPressedItem(android.view.View,int,float,float)
  s                static access$502(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$DropDownListView,boolean)
  s                public onForwardedEvent(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  hasFocus         public hasFocus()
  hasWindowFocus   public hasWindowFocus()
  isFocused        public isFocused()
  isInTouchMode    public isInTouchMode()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$j)
===============================================================================
  a        static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener)
  b        public abstract getPopup()
  eval_p   private onLongPress()
  eval_q   protected onForwardingStarted()
  h        private static pointInView(android.view.View,float,float,float)
  i        private clearCallbacks()
  j        static access$1000(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener)
  p        private toLocalMotionEvent(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
  r        private toGlobalMotionEvent(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
  s        private onTouchObserved(android.view.MotionEvent)
  u        protected onForwardingStopped()
  y        private onTouchForwarded(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onTouch  public onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$DisallowIntercept   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$j$r)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$NullPointerException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_a0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$TriggerLongPress    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$j$s)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ListSelectorHider      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$c)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupDataSetObserver   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$w)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupScrollListener    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$q)
===============================================================================
  onScroll             public onScroll(android.widget.AbsListView,int,int,int)
  onScrollStateChanged public onScrollStateChanged(android.widget.AbsListView,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupTouchInterceptor  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$b)
===============================================================================
  onTouch  public onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ResizePopupRunnable    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ou$eval_f)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oe)
===============================================================================
  a    public setOnDismissListener(android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnDismissListener)
  f    public inflate(int)
  h    public getMenu()
  n    public getDragToOpenListener()
  p    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  r    public dismiss()
  r    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  r    public onCloseSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  r    static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu)
  s    public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  t    public show()
  u    public getMenuInflater()
  x    public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  y    public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$1    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oe$1)
===============================================================================
  b        public getPopup()
  eval_q   protected onForwardingStarted()
  u        protected onForwardingStopped()

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$NullPointerException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnDismissListener    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oe$x)
===============================================================================
  s    public abstract onDismiss(android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu)

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnMenuItemClickListener      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_oe$a)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public abstract onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6)
===============================================================================
  a                    static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  a                    public setOnSearchClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
  a                    public setQueryHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
  b                    static isLandscapeMode(android.content.Context)
  c                    public onActionViewExpanded()
  c                    static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  c                    public setOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener)
  c                    static access$2000(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,int)
  c                    private setImeVisibility(boolean)
  d                    static access$1000(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  d                    private launchSuggestion(int,int,java.lang.String)
  d                    public setQuery(java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  e                    private updateSearchAutoComplete()
  e                    private launchIntent(android.content.Intent)
  eval__               private postUpdateFocusedState()
  eval_b               private rewriteQueryFromSuggestion(int)
  eval_c               private onSubmitQuery()
  eval_d               private adjustDropDownSizeAndPosition()
  eval_g               public isQueryRefinementEnabled()
  eval_h               private addOnLayoutChangeListenerToDropDownAnchorSDK11()
  eval_i               private onVoiceClicked()
  eval_j               public getInputType()
  eval_k               private getPreferredWidth()
  eval_k               static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  eval_m               public isSubmitButtonEnabled()
  eval_n               public setIconified(boolean)
  eval_p               onTextFocusChanged()
  eval_q               private forceSuggestionQuery()
  eval_q               static access$800(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  eval_r               private onCloseClicked()
  eval_s               private updateQueryHint()
  eval_s               static access$1300(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  eval_v               static access$1100()
  eval_v               private updateSubmitButton(boolean)
  eval_x               public isIconfiedByDefault()
  eval_y               private dismissSuggestions()
  eval_z               private updateFocusedState()
  eval_z               public setImeOptions(int)
  g                    private updateCloseButton()
  g                    public setIconifiedByDefault(boolean)
  g                    private onTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  h                    getSuggestionCommitIconResId()
  h                    public setSuggestionsAdapter(android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter)
  h                    onQueryRefine(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i                    static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  i                    public setOnCloseListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener)
  i                    private onItemSelected(int)
  j                    static access$700(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  j                    public setMaxWidth(int)
  k                    private addOnLayoutChangeListenerToDropDownAnchorBase()
  k                    private createVoiceAppSearchIntent(android.content.Intent,android.app.SearchableInfo)
  k                    private createIntentFromSuggestion(android.database.Cursor,int,java.lang.String)
  k                    static access$2100(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,java.lang.CharSequence)
  l                    public getMaxWidth()
  l                    public setAppSearchData(android.os.Bundle)
  l                    static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  l                    static access$2200(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,boolean)
  m                    public isIconified()
  m                    private getDecoratedHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
  n                    public setOnSuggestionListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener)
  o                    public getQueryHint()
  o                    private createVoiceWebSearchIntent(android.content.Intent,android.app.SearchableInfo)
  o                    static access$1400(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  o                    static access$1600(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,android.view.View,int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  o                    public setSubmitButtonEnabled(boolean)
  p                    private isSubmitAreaEnabled()
  p                    static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  p                    public setQueryRefinementEnabled(boolean)
  q                    public getSuggestionsAdapter()
  q                    public setInputType(int)
  r                    public getQuery()
  r                    public setSearchableInfo(android.app.SearchableInfo)
  r                    static access$1500(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  r                    static access$1800(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  s                    private updateSubmitArea()
  s                    static access$1200(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  s                    private launchQuerySearch(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  t                    static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  u                    getSuggestionRowLayout()
  v                    public getImeOptions()
  v                    private updateVoiceButton(boolean)
  v                    private createIntent(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  w                    private hasVoiceSearch()
  w                    static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  x                    private onSearchClicked()
  x                    static access$1900(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,int,int,java.lang.String)
  x                    public setOnQueryTextFocusChangeListener(android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
  x                    private onSuggestionsKey(android.view.View,int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  x                    private onItemClicked(int,int,java.lang.String)
  x                    private setQuery(java.lang.CharSequence)
  z                    public onActionViewCollapsed()
  z                    private updateViewsVisibility(boolean)
  clearFocus           public clearFocus()
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onWindowFocusChanged public onWindowFocusChanged(boolean)
  requestFocus         public requestFocus(int,android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$10  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$10)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$11  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$11)
===============================================================================
  onItemSelected       public onItemSelected(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onNothingSelected    public onNothingSelected(android.widget.AdapterView)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$12  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$12)
===============================================================================
  afterTextChanged     public afterTextChanged(android.text.Editable)
  beforeTextChanged    public beforeTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)
  onTextChanged        public onTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$2   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$3   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$4   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$4)
===============================================================================
  onFocusChange    public onFocusChange(android.view.View,boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$5   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$5)
===============================================================================
  onLayoutChange   public onLayoutChange(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$6   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$6)
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$7   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$7)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$8   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$8)
===============================================================================
  onKey    public onKey(android.view.View,int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$9   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$9)
===============================================================================
  onEditorAction   public onEditorAction(android.widget.TextView,int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_da)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$AutoCompleteTextViewReflector       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$n)
===============================================================================
  eval_c   doAfterTextChanged(android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView)
  g        doBeforeTextChanged(android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView)
  o        ensureImeVisible(android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView,boolean)
  t        showSoftInputUnchecked(android.view.inputmethod.InputMethodManager,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$o)
===============================================================================
  w    public abstract onClose()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$_)
===============================================================================
  l    public abstract onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  q    public abstract onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$b)
===============================================================================
  p    public abstract onSuggestionSelect(int)
  r    public abstract onSuggestionClick(int)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d6$a)
===============================================================================
  c                                private isEmpty()
  j                                setSearchView(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  o                                static access$1700(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete)
  enoughToFilter                   public enoughToFilter()
  onFocusChanged                   protected onFocusChanged(boolean,int,android.graphics.Rect)
  onKeyPreIme                      public onKeyPreIme(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onWindowFocusChanged             public onWindowFocusChanged(boolean)
  performCompletion                public performCompletion()
  replaceText                      protected replaceText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setDropDownBackgroundResource    public setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
  setThreshold                     public setThreshold(int)

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i_)
===============================================================================
  d        public onPrepareSubMenu(android.view.SubMenu)
  eval_l   static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider)
  f        public setShareHistoryFileName(java.lang.String)
  m        public onCreateActionView()
  o        public hasSubMenu()
  o        public setShareIntent(android.content.Intent)
  r        static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider)
  t        public setOnShareTargetSelectedListener(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$OnShareTargetSelectedListener)
  w        static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider)
  z        private setActivityChooserPolicyIfNeeded()

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$1  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i_$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$OnShareTargetSelectedListener      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i_$n)
===============================================================================
  u    public abstract onShareTargetSelected(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$ShareActivityChooserModelPolicy    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i_$d)
===============================================================================
  u    public onChooseActivity(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$ShareMenuItemOnMenuItemClickListener       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_i_$l)
===============================================================================
  onMenuItemClick  public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o9)
===============================================================================
  a                        private getDrawable(android.net.Uri)
  a                        private getDrawableFromResourceValue(java.lang.String)
  d                        public newView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  d                        public runQueryOnBackgroundThread(java.lang.CharSequence)
  d                        private checkIconCache(java.lang.String)
  e                        private getActivityIconWithCache(android.content.ComponentName)
  eval_m                   public getQueryRefinement()
  eval_o                   public close()
  f                        private setViewDrawable(android.widget.ImageView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  h                        public convertToString(android.database.Cursor)
  h                        public bindView(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor)
  h                        private setViewText(android.widget.TextView,java.lang.CharSequence)
  i                        private updateSpinnerState(android.database.Cursor)
  i                        private storeInIconCache(java.lang.String,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  j                        public changeCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  j                        getDrawableFromResourceUri(android.net.Uri)
  l                        public setQueryRefinement(int)
  m                        private getDefaultIcon1(android.database.Cursor)
  n                        private getIcon1(android.database.Cursor)
  o                        private static getStringOrNull(android.database.Cursor,int)
  o                        private formatUrl(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p                        private getActivityIcon(android.content.ComponentName)
  u                        private getIcon2(android.database.Cursor)
  w                        getSearchManagerSuggestions(android.app.SearchableInfo,java.lang.String,int)
  z                        public static getColumnString(android.database.Cursor,java.lang.String)
  getView                  public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  hasStableIds             public hasStableIds()
  notifyDataSetChanged     public notifyDataSetChanged()
  notifyDataSetInvalidated public notifyDataSetInvalidated()
  onClick                  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter$ChildViewCache      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_o9$x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_um)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gz)
===============================================================================
  b                                public getSwitchMinWidth()
  c                                public setTrackDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  c                                public setSwitchPadding(int)
  e                                public setSwitchTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface,int)
  e                                public setTrackResource(int)
  eval_h                           public getTrackDrawable()
  eval_p                           public getThumbDrawable()
  f                                public getSwitchPadding()
  f                                public setThumbDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  f                                private static constrain(float,float,float)
  i                                public getThumbTextPadding()
  i                                public setShowText(boolean)
  i                                public setThumbResource(int)
  j                                public getTextOff()
  j                                private cancelSuperTouch(android.view.MotionEvent)
  k                                private getThumbOffset()
  n                                private getTargetCheckedState()
  n                                public setSwitchTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)
  n                                static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat,float)
  n                                public setSwitchMinWidth(int)
  o                                public setThumbTextPadding(int)
  p                                public setSwitchTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
  p                                private animateThumbToCheckedState(boolean)
  p                                private setThumbPosition(float)
  p                                private hitThumb(float,float)
  q                                public getSplitTrack()
  q                                private stopDrag(android.view.MotionEvent)
  r                                public setSplitTrack(boolean)
  r                                private makeLayout(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s                                public getShowText()
  u                                public setTextOn(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v                                public setTextOff(java.lang.CharSequence)
  w                                private cancelPositionAnimator()
  x                                private getThumbScrollRange()
  y                                public getTextOn()
  draw                             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawableHotspotChanged           public drawableHotspotChanged(float,float)
  drawableStateChanged             protected drawableStateChanged()
  getCompoundPaddingLeft           public getCompoundPaddingLeft()
  getCompoundPaddingRight          public getCompoundPaddingRight()
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState      public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState()
  onCreateDrawableState            protected onCreateDrawableState(int)
  onDraw                           protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        public onMeasure(int,int)
  onPopulateAccessibilityEvent     public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setChecked                       public setChecked(boolean)
  toggle                           public toggle()
  verifyDrawable                   protected verifyDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gz$1)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  protected applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$IOException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl)
===============================================================================
  a                            public hasExpandedActionView()
  a                            static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  a                            public setNavigationContentDescription(int)
  b                            private layoutChildLeft(android.view.View,int,int[],int)
  c                            public getPopupTheme()
  c                            public setNavigationOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
  c                            private measureChildCollapseMargins(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int[])
  d                            public setTitleTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)
  d                            private getVerticalMargins(android.view.View)
  e                            private postShowOverflowMenu()
  eval__                       private ensureMenu()
  eval_a                       private getMenuInflater()
  eval_b                       public getContentInsetLeft()
  eval_c                       private ensureNavButtonView()
  eval_d                       private ensureMenuView()
  eval_e                       public getMenu()
  eval_g                       private shouldCollapse()
  eval_i                       public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  eval_k                       private ensureLogoView()
  eval_k                       public setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_l                       private getMinimumHeightCompat()
  eval_m                       private static themifyContext(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
  eval_n                       public getNavigationIcon()
  eval_s                       private ensureCollapseButtonView()
  eval_t                       public getContentInsetEnd()
  eval_t                       public setTitleTextColor(int)
  eval_u                       public inflateMenu(int)
  eval_y                       public getContentInsetStart()
  f                            public getLogoDescription()
  f                            private addSystemView(android.view.View)
  f                            public setCollapsible(boolean)
  g                            public showOverflowMenu()
  g                            public setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  g                            private shouldLayout(android.view.View)
  g                            public setContentInsetsAbsolute(int,int)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams         protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  h                            public getNavigationContentDescription()
  h                            public setLogoDescription(int)
  i                            public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j                            public setMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  j                            private measureChildConstrained(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int)
  k                            public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  k                            private layoutChildRight(android.view.View,int,int[],int)
  k                            private getChildVerticalGravity(int)
  l                            public isTitleTruncated()
  l                            static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  l                            static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar,boolean)
  l                            private getChildTop(android.view.View,int)
  l                            public setNavigationIcon(int)
  m                            private getChildHorizontalGravity(int)
  n                            public getTitle()
  n                            private updateChildVisibilityForExpandedActionView(android.view.View)
  n                            public setLogo(int)
  o                            public dismissPopupMenus()
  o                            public setPopupTheme(int)
  o                            private addCustomViewsWithGravity(java.util.List,int)
  p                            public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q                            static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  q                            private static isCustomView(android.view.View)
  r                            public collapseActionView()
  r                            public setSubtitle(int)
  s                            public getLogo()
  t                            public canShowOverflowMenu()
  t                            public setContentInsetsRelative(int,int)
  u                            public setSubtitleTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)
  u                            private getViewListMeasuredWidth(java.util.List,int[])
  v                            public getSubtitle()
  v                            static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  w                            private getHorizontalMargins(android.view.View)
  x                            public hideOverflowMenu()
  x                            private setChildVisibilityForExpandedActionView(boolean)
  x                            public setLogoDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y                            public getContentInsetRight()
  y                            public setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  y                            public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  y                            public setTitle(int)
  z                            public getWrapper()
  z                            public setMenuCallbacks(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  z                            public setSubtitleTextColor(int)
  checkLayoutParams            protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams         protected volatile generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onDetachedFromWindow         protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout                     protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState       protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onRtlPropertiesChanged       public onRtlPropertiesChanged(int)
  onSaveInstanceState          protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onTouchEvent                 public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setMinimumHeight             public setMinimumHeight(int)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl$1)
===============================================================================
  q    public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$2      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$3      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl$3)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$ExpandedActionViewMenuPresenter        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl$_)
===============================================================================
  e        public onSaveInstanceState()
  eval_z   public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  f        public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  g        public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  k        public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  l        public getId()
  m        public updateMenuView(boolean)
  n        public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  r        public flagActionItems()
  s        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  u        public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  w        public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$IOException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_xf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$LayoutParams   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl$v)
===============================================================================
  y    copyMarginsFromCompat(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl$u)
===============================================================================
  w    public abstract onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl$o)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_kl$o$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.WindowCallbackWrapper  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t8)
===============================================================================
  a        public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  eval_l   public onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  h        public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  k        public onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  l        public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  u        public startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  x        public onCreatePanelView(int)

android.support.v7.widget.WindowCallbackWrapper$ParseException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.android.vending.billing.IInAppBillingService (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zg)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract getBuyIntent(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  eval_s   public abstract consumePurchase(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  eval_w   public abstract getSkuDetails(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  m        public abstract getPurchases(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  x        public abstract isBillingSupported(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

com.android.vending.billing.IInAppBillingService$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.android.vending.billing.IInAppBillingService$Stub    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zg$b)
===============================================================================
  b            public abstract getBuyIntent(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  eval_s       public abstract consumePurchase(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  eval_w       public abstract getSkuDetails(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  m            public abstract getPurchases(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  x            public static asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
  x            public abstract isBillingSupported(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  asBinder     public asBinder()
  onTransact   public onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)

com.android.vending.billing.IInAppBillingService$Stub$IOException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.android.vending.billing.IInAppBillingService$Stub$Proxy      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zg$b$s)
===============================================================================
  b        public getBuyIntent(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  eval_s   public consumePurchase(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  eval_w   public getSkuDetails(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  l        public getInterfaceDescriptor()
  m        public getPurchases(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  x        public isBillingSupported(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  asBinder public asBinder()

com.android.vending.billing.util.Base64  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_el)
===============================================================================
  c    public static decodeWebSafe(byte[],int,int)
  e    public static encode(byte[])
  f    public static decode(byte[],int,int,byte[])
  f    public static decode(java.lang.String)
  g    public static encode(byte[],int,int,byte[],boolean)
  i    public static decode(byte[])
  k    public static decode(byte[],int,int)
  l    public static decodeWebSafe(java.lang.String)
  s    private static decode4to3(byte[],int,byte[],int,byte[])
  u    public static decodeWebSafe(byte[])
  v    public static encodeWebSafe(byte[],boolean)
  x    private static encode3to4(byte[],int,int,byte[],int,byte[])
  y    public static encode(byte[],int,int,byte[],int)

com.android.vending.billing.util.Base64$1        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.android.vending.billing.util.Base64$Exception        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.android.vending.billing.util.Base64DecoderException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.android.vending.billing.util.Base64DecoderException$1        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.android.vending.billing.util.Base64DecoderException$NullPointerException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__f)
===============================================================================
  c    public getResult()

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabException$NullPointerException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx)
===============================================================================
  b        public launchSubscriptionPurchaseFlow(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String,int,com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnIabPurchaseFinishedListener)
  b        public handleActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
  c        public dispose()
  c        public queryInventoryAsync(boolean,com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$QueryInventoryFinishedListener)
  d        consume(com.android.vending.billing.util.Purchase)
  d        logWarn(java.lang.String)
  eval_e   public subscriptionsSupported()
  eval_q   private checkNotDisposed()
  eval_z   flagEndAsync()
  f        public queryInventoryAsync(boolean,java.util.List,com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$QueryInventoryFinishedListener)
  g        getResponseCodeFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  h        public launchPurchaseFlow(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String,int,com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnIabPurchaseFinishedListener,java.lang.String)
  h        public startSetup(com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnIabSetupFinishedListener)
  i        consumeAsyncInternal(java.util.List,com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnConsumeFinishedListener,com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnConsumeMultiFinishedListener)
  j        public launchSubscriptionPurchaseFlow(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String,int,com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnIabPurchaseFinishedListener,java.lang.String)
  l        public queryInventory(boolean,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  l        queryPurchases(com.android.vending.billing.util.Inventory,java.lang.String)
  m        public queryInventory(boolean,java.util.List)
  o        getResponseCodeFromBundle(android.os.Bundle)
  p        logDebug(java.lang.String)
  q        public consumeAsync(java.util.List,com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnConsumeMultiFinishedListener)
  r        flagStartAsync(java.lang.String)
  r        querySkuDetails(java.lang.String,com.android.vending.billing.util.Inventory,java.util.List)
  s        public enableDebugLogging(boolean)
  s        public queryInventoryAsync(com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$QueryInventoryFinishedListener)
  s        logError(java.lang.String)
  u        public static getResponseDesc(int)
  w        public launchPurchaseFlow(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnIabPurchaseFinishedListener,java.lang.String)
  y        public launchPurchaseFlow(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String,int,com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnIabPurchaseFinishedListener)
  y        public enableDebugLogging(boolean,java.lang.String)
  y        public consumeAsync(com.android.vending.billing.util.Purchase,com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnConsumeFinishedListener)
  z        checkSetupDone(java.lang.String)

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$1     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$1)
===============================================================================
  onServiceConnected       public onServiceConnected(android.content.ComponentName,android.os.IBinder)
  onServiceDisconnected    public onServiceDisconnected(android.content.ComponentName)

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$2     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$2$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$2$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$2$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_tf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$3     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$3$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$3$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$3$2   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$3$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$3$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnConsumeFinishedListener     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$k)
===============================================================================
  x    public abstract onConsumeFinished(com.android.vending.billing.util.Purchase,com.android.vending.billing.util.IabResult)

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnConsumeMultiFinishedListener        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$l)
===============================================================================
  eval_o   public abstract onConsumeMultiFinished(java.util.List,java.util.List)

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnIabPurchaseFinishedListener (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$v)
===============================================================================
  t    public abstract onIabPurchaseFinished(com.android.vending.billing.util.IabResult,com.android.vending.billing.util.Purchase)

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$OnIabSetupFinishedListener    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$a)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract onIabSetupFinished(com.android.vending.billing.util.IabResult)

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabHelper$QueryInventoryFinishedListener        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cx$r)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract onQueryInventoryFinished(com.android.vending.billing.util.IabResult,com.android.vending.billing.util.Inventory)

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabResult       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_h5)
===============================================================================
  e        public getResponse()
  eval_c   public isFailure()
  x        public isSuccess()
  y        public getMessage()
  toString public toString()

com.android.vending.billing.util.IabResult$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.android.vending.billing.util.Inventory       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ij)
===============================================================================
  a        public hasDetails(java.lang.String)
  d        public getSkuDetails(java.lang.String)
  eval_l   public erasePurchase(java.lang.String)
  g        getAllOwnedSkus()
  g        getAllOwnedSkus(java.lang.String)
  j        addPurchase(com.android.vending.billing.util.Purchase)
  p        public getPurchase(java.lang.String)
  v        getAllPurchases()
  w        public hasPurchase(java.lang.String)
  y        addSkuDetails(com.android.vending.billing.util.SkuDetails)

com.android.vending.billing.util.Inventory$ParseException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ni)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.android.vending.billing.util.Purchase        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fz)
===============================================================================
  b        public getPurchaseState()
  eval_k   public getToken()
  f        public getItemType()
  g        public getOrderId()
  i        public getPackageName()
  n        public getSignature()
  r        public getOriginalJson()
  u        public getSku()
  v        public getDeveloperPayload()
  x        public getPurchaseTime()
  toString public toString()

com.android.vending.billing.util.Purchase$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_t7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.android.vending.billing.util.Security        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_cp)
===============================================================================
  g    public static verifyPurchase(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  n    public static verify(java.security.PublicKey,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  t    public static generatePublicKey(java.lang.String)

com.android.vending.billing.util.Security$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_nd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.android.vending.billing.util.SkuDetails      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_y9)
===============================================================================
  b        public getSku()
  c        public getType()
  f        public getDescription()
  j        public getPrice()
  u        public getTitle()
  toString public toString()

com.android.vending.billing.util.SkuDetails$IOException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_up)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uq)
===============================================================================
  a                private initInventoryListener()
  b                private startIabHelper()
  d                static access$1202(fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity,boolean)
  eval__           static access$600(fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity)
  eval_d           static access$1300(fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity)
  eval_o           static access$000(fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity)
  f                private initPurchaseListener()
  i                static access$002(fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity,int)
  j                static access$200(fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity)
  k                private purchaseSuccess(com.android.vending.billing.util.Purchase)
  k                static access$500(fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity)
  l                private initConsumeListener()
  m                static access$1100(fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity)
  o                static access$900(fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity)
  o                static access$702(fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity,boolean)
  o                static access$400(fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity,com.android.vending.billing.util.Purchase)
  t                private makeToast(java.lang.String)
  u                static access$800(fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity,java.lang.String)
  v                static access$300(fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity)
  y                static access$100(fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity)
  z                private requestCoffeeList()
  z                static access$1000(fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity)
  onActivityResult protected onActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
  onCreate         protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onDestroy        protected onDestroy()
  onPause          protected onPause()
  onResume         protected onResume()

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity$1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uq$1)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity$2      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uq$2)
===============================================================================
  t    public onIabPurchaseFinished(com.android.vending.billing.util.IabResult,com.android.vending.billing.util.Purchase)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity$3      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uq$3)
===============================================================================
  x    public onConsumeFinished(com.android.vending.billing.util.Purchase,com.android.vending.billing.util.IabResult)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity$4      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uq$4)
===============================================================================
  h    public onQueryInventoryFinished(com.android.vending.billing.util.IabResult,com.android.vending.billing.util.Inventory)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity$5      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_uq$5)
===============================================================================
  d    public onIabSetupFinished(com.android.vending.billing.util.IabResult)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.SupportActivity$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.adapter.SupportAdapter (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__0)
===============================================================================
  getView  public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.adapter.SupportAdapter$CoffeeEntryHolder       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__0$t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.adapter.SupportAdapter$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_d3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.model.CoffeeEntry      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_in)
===============================================================================
  f    public getSkuDetails()
  o    public getCaffeineRate()
  s    public getCandyRate()
  u    public getEnergyRate()

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.model.CoffeeEntry$IOException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_b7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.model.CoffeeEntryFactory       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_yi)
===============================================================================
  eval_w   public static createEspressoEntry(com.android.vending.billing.util.SkuDetails)
  g        public static createCappuccinoEntry(com.android.vending.billing.util.SkuDetails)
  p        public static createEarlGreyEntry(com.android.vending.billing.util.SkuDetails)
  t        public static createIcedCoffeeEntry(com.android.vending.billing.util.SkuDetails)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.model.CoffeeEntryFactory$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_an)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.utils.SupportUtils     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wm)
===============================================================================
  k    static access$000(com.android.vending.billing.util.Inventory)
  q    public static checkSupport(android.content.Context,fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.utils.SupportUtils$OnCheckSupportListener)
  y    private static hasPurchased(com.android.vending.billing.util.Inventory)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.utils.SupportUtils$1   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wm$1)
===============================================================================
  d    public onIabSetupFinished(com.android.vending.billing.util.IabResult)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.utils.SupportUtils$1$1 (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wm$1$1)
===============================================================================
  h    public onQueryInventoryFinished(com.android.vending.billing.util.IabResult,com.android.vending.billing.util.Inventory)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.utils.SupportUtils$1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_vg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.utils.SupportUtils$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.billing.utils.SupportUtils$OnCheckSupportListener      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wm$h)
===============================================================================
  s    public abstract onCheckSupport(boolean)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.BuildConfig       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.BuildConfig$NullPointerException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity
===============================================================================
  a                            private setActionBarAlpha(float)
  a                            private updateActionBarTitle(int,float)
  b                            static access$000(fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity)
  eval_b                       private invalidatePageTransformer()
  eval_c                       private handleActionUnitPicker()
  eval_d                       private initViewPager()
  eval_f                       private initActionBar()
  eval_m                       private handleActionContactUs()
  eval_r                       private handleActionAbout()
  eval_t                       private handleActionManualRefresh()
  eval_v                       private handleActionSupport()
  eval_y                       private handleActionLicense()
  g                            private makeTextToast(int)
  h                            private setActionBarTitle(int)
  j                            static access$500(fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity)
  j                            static access$200(fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity,int,float)
  j                            private loadDailyForecast(java.lang.String)
  k                            static access$900(fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity)
  m                            private setGradientBackgroundColor(int,float)
  n                            static access$700(fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity)
  o                            private initRootPadding()
  o                            static access$800(fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity)
  p                            static access$402(fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity,java.lang.String)
  p                            private getActionBarTitle(int)
  q                            private handleThanksButton()
  s                            private hideToast()
  t                            static access$600(fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity)
  u                            private handleActionMoreApps()
  v                            static access$300(fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity,int,float)
  y                            private getColor(int,float)
  z                            static access$100(fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity)
  onCreate                     protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu          public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onNewIntent                  protected onNewIntent(android.content.Intent)
  onOptionsItemSelected        public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onPause                      protected onPause()
  onResume                     protected onResume()
  onSharedPreferenceChanged    public onSharedPreferenceChanged(android.content.SharedPreferences,java.lang.String)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity$1
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity$2
===============================================================================
  s    public onCheckSupport(boolean)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity$3
===============================================================================
  p    public onPageScrollStateChanged(int)
  r    public onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  z    public onPageSelected(int)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity$4
===============================================================================
  c                protected onPostExecute(java.util.ArrayList)
  onPostExecute    protected volatile onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity$5
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity$ForecastPageTransformer      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity$q)
===============================================================================
  h    public transformPage(android.view.View,float)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity$ForecastPagerAdapter (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.MainActivity$g)
===============================================================================
  a    public getModel(int)
  b    public clear()
  b    public getItem(int)
  e    public getCount()
  k    public getItemPosition(java.lang.Object)
  t    public updateModels(java.util.ArrayList)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$NullPointerException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_lm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$anim    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$z)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$array   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$e)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$attr    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$bool    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$eval_m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$color   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$dimen   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$drawable        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$id      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$integer (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$eval_x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$layout  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$eval_l)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$menu    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$string  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$style   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$styleable       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.R$xml     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ii$eval_u)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.SupportActivity   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wc)
===============================================================================
  onCreate protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.SupportActivity$Exception (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_u_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.AboutDialogFragment
===============================================================================
  p    public onCreateDialog(android.os.Bundle)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.AboutDialogFragment$IOException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_r6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.ForecastFragment
===============================================================================
  v    public static newInstance(fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.openweathermap.DailyForecastModel,java.lang.String)
  z    public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.ForecastFragment$NullPointerException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.LicenseDialogFragment
===============================================================================
  p    public onCreateDialog(android.os.Bundle)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.LicenseDialogFragment$NullPointerException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_pb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.MoreAppsDialogFragment
===============================================================================
  m    private launchPlayStoreDetails(java.lang.String)
  p    public onCreateDialog(android.os.Bundle)
  s    static access$000(fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.MoreAppsDialogFragment,java.lang.String)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.MoreAppsDialogFragment$1
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.MoreAppsDialogFragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_n6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.TemperatureUnitPickerDialogFragment
===============================================================================
  d    public static newInstance(java.lang.String[],java.lang.String[])
  p    public onCreateDialog(android.os.Bundle)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.TemperatureUnitPickerDialogFragment$1
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.fragments.TemperatureUnitPickerDialogFragment$Exception   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ur)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.model.App (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_z7)
===============================================================================
  e        public getNameResourceId()
  eval_i   public setLogoResourceId(java.lang.Integer)
  k        public getPackageNameResourceId()
  p        public setNameResourceId(java.lang.Integer)
  r        public getLogoResourceId()
  r        public setPackageNameResourceId(java.lang.Integer)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.model.App$IOException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_op)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.openweathermap.DailyForecastJsonParser    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wb)
===============================================================================
  h                private static parseWeatherDescription(org.json.JSONObject)
  i                private static parseDailyForecast(org.json.JSONObject)
  j                private static parseDouble(org.json.JSONObject,java.lang.String,java.lang.Double)
  n                private static parseDateTime(org.json.JSONObject)
  p                private static parseHumidity(org.json.JSONObject)
  r                protected transient doInBackground(java.lang.String[])
  t                private static parseDayTemperature(org.json.JSONObject)
  u                private static parseTemperature(fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.openweathermap.DailyForecastModel,org.json.JSONObject)
  u                private static parseMinTemperature(org.json.JSONObject)
  x                public static parse(java.lang.String)
  z                private static parseMaxTemperature(org.json.JSONObject)
  doInBackground   protected volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.openweathermap.DailyForecastJsonParser$ParseException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ac)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.openweathermap.DailyForecastModel (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v_)
===============================================================================
  a                public setHumidity(int)
  d                public getMinTemperature()
  e                public getDateTime()
  eval_n           public getDescription()
  i                private readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  l                public getTemperature()
  l                public setDateTime(long)
  m                public getMaxTemperature()
  q                public setMinTemperature(java.lang.Double)
  q                public setDescription(java.lang.String)
  r                public getHumidity()
  t                public setMaxTemperature(java.lang.Double)
  x                public setTemperature(java.lang.Double)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.openweathermap.DailyForecastModel$1       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_v_$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.openweathermap.DailyForecastModel$ParseException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_rc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.receivers.WeatherWidgetReceiver
===============================================================================
  c            private notifyWidgetDataChanged(android.content.Context)
  g            private updateWidget(android.content.Context,int[])
  u            private buildLayout(android.content.Context,int)
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)
  onUpdate     public onUpdate(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager,int[])

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.receivers.WeatherWidgetReceiver$NullPointerException      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.services.AppWidgetService (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_mb)
===============================================================================
  onGetViewFactory public onGetViewFactory(android.content.Intent)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.services.AppWidgetService$Exception       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_om)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.services.DailyForecastUpdateService       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fr)
===============================================================================
  b                    private getNewLocation()
  d                    static access$200(fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.services.DailyForecastUpdateService,int)
  e                    private broadcastErrorAndStop(int)
  h                    public static startForUpdate(android.content.Context)
  l                    private getForecastAsJSON(android.location.Location)
  s                    static access$000(fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.services.DailyForecastUpdateService,android.location.Location)
  w                    private updateForecast(android.location.Location)
  w                    static access$102(fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.services.DailyForecastUpdateService,java.lang.Boolean)
  onBind               public onBind(android.content.Intent)
  onCreate             public onCreate()
  onDestroy            public onDestroy()
  onLocationChanged    public onLocationChanged(android.location.Location)
  onProviderDisabled   public onProviderDisabled(java.lang.String)
  onProviderEnabled    public onProviderEnabled(java.lang.String)
  onStartCommand       public onStartCommand(android.content.Intent,int,int)
  onStatusChanged      public onStatusChanged(java.lang.String,int,android.os.Bundle)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.services.DailyForecastUpdateService$1     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fr$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.services.DailyForecastUpdateService$Exception     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_qv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.ui.AlphaForegroundColorSpan       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ul)
===============================================================================
  j                private getAlphaColor()
  p                public getAlpha()
  v                public setAlpha(float)
  updateDrawState  public updateDrawState(android.text.TextPaint)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.ui.AlphaForegroundColorSpan$ArrayOutOfBoundsException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ox)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.ui.MoreAppsAdapter        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fh)
===============================================================================
  getView  public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.ui.MoreAppsAdapter$1      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fh$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.ui.MoreAppsAdapter$ParseException (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_wh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.ui.MoreAppsAdapter$ViewHolder     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_fh$y)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.ui.WeatherRemoteViewsFactory      (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_gt)
===============================================================================
  getCount         public getCount()
  getItemId        public getItemId(int)
  getLoadingView   public getLoadingView()
  getViewAt        public getViewAt(int)
  getViewTypeCount public getViewTypeCount()
  hasStableIds     public hasStableIds()
  onCreate         public onCreate()
  onDataSetChanged public onDataSetChanged()
  onDestroy        public onDestroy()

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.ui.WeatherRemoteViewsFactory$ParseException       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_s4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.ConnectivityUtils   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_f3)
===============================================================================
  o    public static isConnected(android.content.Context)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.ConnectivityUtils$ParseException    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval__a)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.LocationUtils       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_eo)
===============================================================================
  c    public static getBestCoarseProvider(android.content.Context)
  q    public static getLastKnownLocation(android.content.Context)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.LocationUtils$IOException   (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_bo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.SharedPreferenceUtils       (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_zb)
===============================================================================
  b        public static registerOnSharedPreferenceChangeListener(android.content.Context,android.content.SharedPreferences$OnSharedPreferenceChangeListener)
  c        public static getLastKnownWeather(android.content.Context)
  d        public static isWeatherOutdated(android.content.Context,boolean)
  e        public static getTemperatureUnitSymbol(android.content.Context)
  eval_c   public static storeTemperatureUnitSymbol(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  p        private static getDefaultSharedPreferences(android.content.Context)
  p        public static unregisterOnSharedPreferenceChangeListener(android.content.Context,android.content.SharedPreferences$OnSharedPreferenceChangeListener)
  x        public static storeWeather(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  y        public static getLastUpdate(android.content.Context)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.SharedPreferenceUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException     (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_g2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.TemperatureUtils    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sv)
===============================================================================
  o    public static convertTemperature(android.content.Context,double,java.lang.String)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.TemperatureUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_ly)
===============================================================================
  No methods

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.URLUtils    (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_sp)
===============================================================================
  h    public static getAsString(java.lang.String)

fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.utils.URLUtils$IOException        (fr.tvbarthel.apps.simpleweatherforcast.eval_m0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of Fields : 5486
  Renamed to eval_f : 118 (2.2%)
  Renamed to eval_e : 114 (2.1%)
  Renamed to eval_w : 113 (2.1%)
  Renamed to eval_a : 111 (2.0%)
  Renamed to eval_h : 107 (2.0%)
  Renamed to eval_p : 107 (2.0%)
  Renamed to eval_q : 104 (1.9%)
  Renamed to eval_s : 104 (1.9%)
  Renamed to eval_g : 103 (1.9%)
  Renamed to eval_r : 103 (1.9%)

Number of Methods : 8179
  Renamed to a : 302 (3.7%)
  Renamed to d : 267 (3.3%)
  Renamed to c : 259 (3.2%)
  Renamed to n : 242 (3.0%)
  Renamed to q : 241 (2.9%)
  Renamed to i : 236 (2.9%)
  Renamed to p : 235 (2.9%)
  Renamed to r : 235 (2.9%)
  Renamed to m : 234 (2.9%)
  Renamed to z : 234 (2.9%)

