New Name                         Original Name
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.u       public android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$_      abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$f      android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PagerObserver
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$h      android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$m      public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PageTransformer
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$o      abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$Decor
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$p      android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$MyAccessibilityDelegate
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$t      public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$z      public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SimpleOnPageChangeListener
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.u$1     android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.u$a     android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout$TabClickListener
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.u$c     android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout$InternalViewPagerListener
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.u$h     public abstract interface android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout$TabColorizer
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval__  public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.DraggableRow$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_a  public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_b  public abstract android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_c  public android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_d  final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Action
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_e  public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverBitmap$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_f  public android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabStrip$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_g  public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverView$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_h  public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.BastpUtil$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_i  public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Action$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_j  public android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_k  public final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.BuildConfig
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_l  public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_m  public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.BottomBarControls$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_n  public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverCache
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_o  public android.support.v4.view.ViewPagerIcsCompat$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_p  public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.AudioPickerActivity$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_q  public final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverBitmap
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_r  public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.AudioPickerActivity$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_s  android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabStrip
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_t  public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.BastpUtil$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_v  public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverCache$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_w  public android.support.iosched.tabs.VanillaTabLayout$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_x  public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.BuildConfig$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_y  public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.BastpUtil
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_z  public android.support.v4.view.ViewPagerIcsCompat
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$eval_k public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$LayoutParams
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$eval_v android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ViewPositionComparator
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$eval_z public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval__1 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryPagerAdapter$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval__4 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Limiter$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval__5 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Limiter
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval__8 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SDScannerFragment$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval__9 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FilebrowserStartActivity$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_a1 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ViewHolder$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ad ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ReadaheadThread
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ah public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ListPreferenceSummary$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_as public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.RemoteControlImplICS
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_az public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bd public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FastScrollGuardedListView$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bh public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaUtils
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bi public ch.blinkenlights.bastp.OpusFile$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bt public ch.blinkenlights.bastp.LameHeader$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bu public com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortController
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bv public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackService$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bx public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ShowQueueFragment
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_by public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_c3 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistActivity$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_c_ public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$HeadsetLaunchFragment$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cg public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ViewHolder
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cl public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SeekBarPreference$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_co public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ShowQueueAdapter$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr public com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_d1 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$ReplayGainFragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_d8 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MiniPlaybackActivity
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_de public com.mobeta.android.dslv.SimpleFloatViewManager
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_dg public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TimestampedObject$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_dj public com.mobeta.android.dslv.SimpleDragSortCursorAdapter
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_dl public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.OneCellWidget$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_e4 public ch.blinkenlights.bastp.Common$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ef public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TimestampedObject
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ej public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistDialog
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ey public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FilebrowserStartActivity
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_f2 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ThemeHelper
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_fd public com.mobeta.android.dslv.ResourceDragSortCursorAdapter$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_fe public com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.UIStringGenerator$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_g4 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Playlist
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_g5 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistAdapter
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_gl public com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_gm public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PrefDefaults
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_gn public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Playlist$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_gp public com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortItemViewCheckable
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_gr public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FilebrowserStartAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_gt public com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortItemViewCheckable$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_gu public com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$ProgressUpdate$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_h1 public com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortCursorAdapter$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_h6 public abstract ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackActivity
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_hh public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TimelineCallback$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_hi public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FullPlaybackActivity$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_hr public ch.blinkenlights.bastp.Common
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_hs public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_i1 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ShowQueueAdapter
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ih public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.VanillaMediaPlayer$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip public final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ix public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PermissionRequestActivity
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_iz public abstract com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortCursorAdapter
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_j7 public ch.blinkenlights.bastp.LameHeader
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_jb public ch.blinkenlights.bastp.Bastp
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_jt public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PermissionRequestActivity$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_k3 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.WidgetE$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_k5 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PrefKeys$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_k8 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FourSquareWidget$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_k9 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PrefKeys
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_k_ public com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortItemView$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ke public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlayCountsHelper
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_kx public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ThemeHelper$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_kz public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaUtils$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_l3 public ch.blinkenlights.bastp.OpusFile
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_lk public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.RemoteControl$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ll public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaButtonReceiver$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_lu public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistAdapter$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_m1 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TabOrderActivity
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_mi public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_mm public com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortController$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_n2 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryActivity$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_n5 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesTheme$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_nl public com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$AdapterWrapper$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_nr public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlayCountsHelper$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_o9 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.NewPlaylistDialog
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ok public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.WidgetD$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_p0 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FilebrowserStartAdapter
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_p5 public ch.blinkenlights.bastp.FlacFile$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_p6 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FourWhiteWidget$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_p_ public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_pe public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryAdapter$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_pf public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.RemoteControlImplICS$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ph public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.NewPlaylistDialog$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_pi public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TabOrderAdapter$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_po public com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortItemView
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ps public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FullPlaybackActivity
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_pt public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistDialog$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_pu public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SongTimeline$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_py public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistActivity
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_q_ public final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SongTimeline
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_qs public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryPagerAdapter
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_r9 public ch.blinkenlights.bastp.FlacFile
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_re public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.QueryTask$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_rn public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ReadaheadThread$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_rq public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FileUtils$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_rr public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.VanillaMediaPlayer
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_rv public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TabOrderAdapter
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_s5 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FileSystemAdapter$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_sc public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MiniPlaybackActivity$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_si public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistTask
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_sm public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FourLongWidget$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_so public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistTask$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_su public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PrefDefaults$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_sw public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SDScannerFragment
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_sz public com.mobeta.android.dslv.SimpleFloatViewManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_t1 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.RemoteControlImplLp$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_t5 public ch.blinkenlights.bastp.Bastp$IOException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ta public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaAdapter
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_te public ch.blinkenlights.bastp.ID3v2File
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_u2 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ShowQueueFragment$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_uj public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.IdlePreference$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_uy public com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_uz public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingPlaybackActivity$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_v6 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FileSystemAdapter
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_vb public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.RemoteControlImplLp
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_vi public ch.blinkenlights.bastp.OggFile
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_vu public abstract interface ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TimelineCallback
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_vv public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackActivity$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_wh public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_wj public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.VanillaImageButton$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_wr public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingPlaybackActivity
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_x2 public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.QueryTask
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_xe public ch.blinkenlights.bastp.OggFile$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_xp public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LazyCoverView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_xu public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TabOrderActivity$Exception
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_xw public com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.UIStringGenerator
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_xz public com.mobeta.android.dslv.SimpleDragSortCursorAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_y7 public abstract interface ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryAdapter
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_yc public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaAdapter$NullPointerException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_yi public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.RemoteControl
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_yv public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesTheme
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_yz public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FileUtils
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_zn public ch.blinkenlights.bastp.ID3v2File$ParseException
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_zq public abstract com.mobeta.android.dslv.ResourceDragSortCursorAdapter
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_n$h        ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverCache$BitmapDiskCache
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_n$x        public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverCache$CoverKey
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_s$1        android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabStrip$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_s$d        android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabStrip$SimpleTabColorizer
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_y$i        public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.BastpUtil$GainValues
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_y$r        ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.BastpUtil$RGLruCache
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$eval_z$1       final android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bu$1       com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortController$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bx$1       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ShowQueueFragment$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr$1       com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr$2       com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$2
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr$g       public abstract interface com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$ScanProgressCallbacks
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr$m       com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$ScanParameters
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr$p       com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$PreprocessTask
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr$y       com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$ProgressUpdate
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr$z       com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$Updater
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_dj$m       public abstract interface com.mobeta.android.dslv.SimpleDragSortCursorAdapter$CursorToStringConverter
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_dj$x       public abstract interface com.mobeta.android.dslv.SimpleDragSortCursorAdapter$ViewBinder
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ej$l       public abstract interface ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistDialog$Callback
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ey$1       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FilebrowserStartActivity$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$a       public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$NotificationsFragment
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$b       public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$PlaybackFragment
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$d       public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$EqualizerFragment
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$g       public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$MiscFragment
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$l       public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$LibraryFragment
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$p       public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$AudioFragment
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$x       public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$CoverArtFragment
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$y       public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$AboutFragment
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$z       public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$HeadsetLaunchFragment
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_h6$1       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackActivity$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_h6$2       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackActivity$2
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_h6$3       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackActivity$3
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_h6$g       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackActivity$SaveAsPlaylistDismiss
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$c       public final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$dimen
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$f       public final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$layout
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$g       public final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$color
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$i       public final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$drawable
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$k       public final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$styleable
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$n       public final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$plurals
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$p       public final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$array
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$r       public final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$attr
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$t       public final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$xml
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$v       public final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$raw
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ix$1       final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PermissionRequestActivity$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ps$1       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FullPlaybackActivity$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ps$2       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FullPlaybackActivity$2
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ps$3       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FullPlaybackActivity$3
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_q_$m       public abstract interface ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SongTimeline$Callback
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_q_$t       public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SongTimeline$FlagComparator
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_q_$u       public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SongTimeline$IdComparator
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_qs$1       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryPagerAdapter$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_qs$i       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryPagerAdapter$AdaperPositionLruCache
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_sw$1       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SDScannerFragment$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ta$_       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaAdapter$SectionIndex
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_v6$1       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FileSystemAdapter$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_v6$2       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FileSystemAdapter$2
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_v6$_       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FileSystemAdapter$Observer
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_vb$1       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.RemoteControlImplLp$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_xw$h       com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.UIStringGenerator$StringSubGenerator
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_xw$i       com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.UIStringGenerator$ResourceSubGenerator
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_xw$y       abstract interface com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.UIStringGenerator$SubGenerator
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_yi$_       public abstract interface ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.RemoteControl$Client
com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$a       public abstract interface com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$RemoveListener
com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$c       public abstract interface com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DragListener
com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$h       com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$HeightCache
com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$i       com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DropAnimator
com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$k       public abstract interface com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DragSortListener
com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$l       com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$SmoothAnimator
com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$o       com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$AdapterWrapper
com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$q       public abstract interface com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DragScrollProfile
com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$s       com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DragScroller
com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$t       com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DragSortTracker
com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$u       public abstract interface com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$FloatViewManager
com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$x       public abstract interface com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DropListener
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverView$n     public abstract interface ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverView$Callback
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr$y$b     public final com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$ProgressUpdate$Type
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$z$1     ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$HeadsetLaunchFragment$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$z$2     ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$HeadsetLaunchFragment$2
com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$o$1     com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$AdapterWrapper$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView$r   public abstract interface ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView$Callback
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView$v   ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView$GestureListener
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView$z   ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView$AnimationListener
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$eval_k  public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$ShakeFragment
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$eval_m  public ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$ReplayGainFragment
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$eval__  public final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$style
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$eval_u  public final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$string
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$eval_y  public final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$id
com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$eval_r  com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$LiftAnimator
com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$eval_t  com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$RemoveAnimator
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LazyCoverView$p ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LazyCoverView$CoverMsg
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LazyCoverView$y ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LazyCoverView$BitmapLruCache
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$eval_m$1        ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$ReplayGainFragment$1
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackService$x       ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackService$Receiver
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService$m ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService$MediaID
ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService$o final ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService$MediaSessionCallback
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.u)
===============================================================================
  g                    private scrollToTab(int,int)
  h                    public setContentDescription(int,java.lang.String)
  i                    public setCustomTabView(int,int)
  o                    static access$300(android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout,int,int)
  o                    public setViewPager(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
  q                    static access$200(android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout)
  u                    public setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
  v                    private populateTabStrip()
  v                    public setDistributeEvenly(boolean)
  w                    public setCustomTabColorizer(android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout$TabColorizer)
  x                    static access$500(android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout)
  y                    protected createDefaultTabView(android.content.Context)
  y                    public transient setSelectedIndicatorColors(int[])
  z                    static access$400(android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout)
  onAttachedToWindow   protected onAttachedToWindow()

android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout$1  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.u$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout$InternalViewPagerListener  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.u$c)
===============================================================================
  j    public onPageScrollStateChanged(int)
  k    public onPageSelected(int)
  w    public onPageScrolled(int,float,int)

android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout$NullPointerException       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout$TabClickListener   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.u$a)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout$TabColorizer       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.u$h)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract getIndicatorColor(int)

android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabStrip     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_s)
===============================================================================
  d        setCustomTabColorizer(android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabLayout$TabColorizer)
  eval_h   private static setColorAlpha(int,byte)
  h        transient setSelectedIndicatorColors(int[])
  o        onViewPagerPageChanged(int,float)
  v        private static blendColors(int,int,float)
  onDraw   protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)

android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabStrip$1   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_s$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabStrip$Exception   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.iosched.tabs.SlidingTabStrip$SimpleTabColorizer  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_s$d)
===============================================================================
  e    public final getIndicatorColor(int)
  x    transient setIndicatorColors(int[])

android.support.iosched.tabs.VanillaTabLayout
===============================================================================
  y    protected createDefaultTabView(android.content.Context)

android.support.iosched.tabs.VanillaTabLayout$NullPointerException       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_b)
===============================================================================
  a    public getPageTitle(int)
  b    public unregisterDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)
  d    public startUpdate(android.view.View)
  g    public saveState()
  h    public finishUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  h    public setPrimaryItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  h    public getPageWidth(int)
  i    public setPrimaryItem(android.view.View,int,java.lang.Object)
  j    public abstract isViewFromObject(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  k    public restoreState(android.os.Parcelable,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  m    public instantiateItem(android.view.View,int)
  o    public abstract getCount()
  o    public registerDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)
  s    public instantiateItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  t    public startUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  w    public finishUpdate(android.view.View)
  x    public notifyDataSetChanged()
  x    public getItemPosition(java.lang.Object)
  y    public destroyItem(android.view.View,int,java.lang.Object)
  z    public destroyItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager
===============================================================================
  a                                smoothScrollTo(int,int)
  a                                private recomputeScrollPosition(int,int,int,int)
  b                                infoForAnyChild(android.view.View)
  b                                private performDrag(float)
  b                                public setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
  c                                public isFakeDragging()
  c                                private getChildRectInPagerCoordinates(android.graphics.Rect,android.view.View)
  c                                static access$300(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
  d                                private pageScrolled(int)
  d                                protected onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  e                                public setPageMargin(int)
  eval__                           private sortChildDrawingOrder()
  eval_g                           private infoForCurrentScrollPosition()
  eval_h                           infoForPosition(int)
  eval_i                           protected canScroll(android.view.View,boolean,int,int,int)
  eval_q                           pageRight()
  eval_u                           private endDrag()
  eval_v                           static access$400()
  eval_x                           public arrowScroll(int)
  f                                public executeKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  g                                private getClientWidth()
  h                                dataSetChanged()
  h                                private compatEdgeEffectOnRelease(android.widget.EdgeEffect)
  h                                private requestParentDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)
  h                                private setScrollState(int)
  h                                setCurrentItemInternal(int,boolean,boolean)
  i                                public getOffscreenPageLimit()
  i                                public addOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
  j                                private removeNonDecorViews()
  j                                public setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  j                                setOnAdapterChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener)
  j                                private onSecondaryPointerUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
  j                                distanceInfluenceForSnapDuration(float)
  k                                private dispatchOnScrollStateChanged(int)
  k                                public setCurrentItem(int,boolean)
  k                                addNewItem(int,int)
  m                                private isGutterDrag(float,float)
  n                                static access$200(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
  n                                private calculatePageOffsets(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo,int,android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo)
  n                                setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabledCompat(boolean)
  o                                public clearOnPageChangeListeners()
  o                                public setCurrentItem(int)
  p                                public endFakeDrag()
  p                                static access$000(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager,int)
  p                                private completeScroll(boolean)
  p                                public setPageMarginDrawable(int)
  q                                populate(int)
  q                                private scrollToItem(int,boolean,int,boolean)
  r                                public setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  r                                setInternalPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
  s                                setCurrentItemInternal(int,boolean,boolean,int)
  s                                private determineTargetPage(int,float,int,int)
  t                                initViewPager()
  t                                public removeOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
  t                                infoForChild(android.view.View)
  t                                private enableLayers(boolean)
  t                                public fakeDragBy(float)
  u                                public getPageMargin()
  u                                private setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
  v                                populate()
  v                                public setPageTransformer(boolean,android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PageTransformer)
  v                                private dispatchOnPageSelected(int)
  w                                public getCurrentItem()
  x                                pageLeft()
  x                                private dispatchOnPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  y                                public beginFakeDrag()
  z                                public getAdapter()
  z                                public setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
  z                                smoothScrollTo(int,int,int)
  addFocusables                    public addFocusables(java.util.ArrayList,int,int)
  addTouchables                    public addTouchables(java.util.ArrayList)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  canScrollHorizontally            public canScrollHorizontally(int)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  computeScroll                    public computeScroll()
  dispatchKeyEvent                 public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  draw                             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawableStateChanged             protected drawableStateChanged()
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  getChildDrawingOrder             protected getChildDrawingOrder(int,int)
  onAttachedToWindow               protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onDraw                           protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInterceptTouchEvent            public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRequestFocusInDescendants      protected onRequestFocusInDescendants(int,android.graphics.Rect)
  onRestoreInstanceState           public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState              public onSaveInstanceState()
  onSizeChanged                    protected onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  removeView                       public removeView(android.view.View)
  verifyDrawable                   protected verifyDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$1
===============================================================================
  w        public compare(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo,android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$2
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$3
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$Decor  (android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$IOException    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_a)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo       (android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$LayoutParams   (android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$eval_k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$MyAccessibilityDelegate        (android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$p)
===============================================================================
  c                                private canScroll()
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  performAccessibilityAction       public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener        (android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$_)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract onAdapterChanged(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter,android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener   (android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$t)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract onPageScrollStateChanged(int)
  k    public abstract onPageSelected(int)
  w    public abstract onPageScrolled(int,float,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PageTransformer        (android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$m)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract transformPage(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PagerObserver  (android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$f)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState     (android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$eval_z)
===============================================================================
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$1   (android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$eval_z$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$Exception   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_l)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SimpleOnPageChangeListener     (android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$z)
===============================================================================
  j    public onPageScrollStateChanged(int)
  k    public onPageSelected(int)
  w    public onPageScrolled(int,float,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ViewPositionComparator (android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$eval_v)
===============================================================================
  s        public compare(android.view.View,android.view.View)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPagerIcsCompat       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_z)
===============================================================================
  j    public static postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  r    public static getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  y    public static postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPagerIcsCompat$ParseException        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Action  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_d)
===============================================================================
  h        public static getAction(android.content.SharedPreferences,java.lang.String,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Action)
  valueOf  public static valueOf(java.lang.String)
  values   public static values()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Action$Exception        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.AudioPickerActivity
===============================================================================
  g        private getSongForUri(android.net.Uri)
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)
  onCreate public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.AudioPickerActivity$1   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.AudioPickerActivity$ParseException      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.BastpUtil       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_y)
===============================================================================
  eval_d   public getReplayGainValues(java.lang.String)
  k        private getFloatFromString(java.lang.String)
  n        private getReplayGainValuesFromFile(java.lang.String)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.BastpUtil$1     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.BastpUtil$GainValues    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_y$i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.BastpUtil$ParseException        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.BastpUtil$RGLruCache    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_y$r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.BottomBarControls
===============================================================================
  a                    public setCover(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  a                    public setSong(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  f                    public openMenu()
  i                    private getImageButton(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  k                    private menuMargin()
  m                    public enableOptionsMenu(android.app.Activity)
  o                    public showSearch(boolean)
  r                    public setOnQueryTextListener(android.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener)
  t                    private dpToPx(int)
  y                    private styleSearchView(android.view.View,int)
  onClick              public onClick(android.view.View)
  onFinishInflate      public onFinishInflate()
  onMenuItemClick      public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)
  onSaveInstanceState  public onSaveInstanceState()
  setOnClickListener   public setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.BottomBarControls$NullPointerException  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.BuildConfig     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.BuildConfig$Exception   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverBitmap     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_q)
===============================================================================
  a        public static generatePlaceholderCover(android.content.Context,int,int,java.lang.String)
  b        public static generateDefaultCover(android.content.Context,int,int)
  eval_j   private static loadTextSizes(android.content.Context)
  h        private static loadIcons(android.content.Context)
  i        private static createScaledBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap,int,int)
  m        public static createBitmap(android.content.Context,int,android.graphics.Bitmap,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,int,int)
  n        private static createOverlappingBitmap(android.content.Context,android.graphics.Bitmap,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,int,int)
  n        private static drawText(android.graphics.Canvas,java.lang.String,int,int,int,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  s        private static createSeparatedBitmap(android.content.Context,android.graphics.Bitmap,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,int,int)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverBitmap$Exception   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_e)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverCache      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_n)
===============================================================================
  a        public static evictAll()
  eval_k   private storeCover(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverCache$CoverKey,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  g        public getCoverFromSong(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,int)
  o        private getStoredCover(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverCache$CoverKey)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverCache$BitmapDiskCache      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_n$h)
===============================================================================
  a            public put(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverCache$CoverKey,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  c            public get(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverCache$CoverKey)
  d            private getUnixTime()
  eval_l       private trim(long)
  h            private isExpired(long)
  l            public evictAll()
  n            private static getSampleSize(java.io.InputStream,android.graphics.BitmapFactory$Options,long)
  q            public createBitmap(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,long)
  u            private getUsedSpace()
  onCreate     public onCreate(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase)
  onUpgrade    public onUpgrade(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase,int,int)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverCache$CoverKey     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_n$x)
===============================================================================
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()
  toString public toString()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverCache$IOException  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverView
===============================================================================
  eval_k           public setup(android.os.Looper,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverView$Callback,int)
  g                public setSong(int,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  j                private generateBitmap(int)
  k                private resetScroll()
  q                public querySongs(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackService)
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)
  onDraw           protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onMeasure        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onSizeChanged    protected onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
  onTouchEvent     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverView$Callback      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverView$n)
===============================================================================
  t    public abstract shiftCurrentSong(int)
  x    public abstract downSwipe()
  z    public abstract upSwipe()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverView$ParseException        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.DraggableRow
===============================================================================
  d                public showDragger(boolean)
  q                public getTextView()
  r                public highlightRow(boolean)
  x                public setupLayout(int)
  y                public getCoverView()
  isChecked        public isChecked()
  onFinishInflate  public onFinishInflate()
  setChecked       public setChecked(boolean)
  toggle           public toggle()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.DraggableRow$NullPointerException       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval__)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FastScrollGuardedListView
===============================================================================
  onInterceptTouchEvent    public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FastScrollGuardedListView$IOException   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FileSystemAdapter       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_v6)
===============================================================================
  b            public getMediaType()
  eval_l       public setFilter(java.lang.String)
  f            public static buildLimiter(java.io.File)
  g            public getLimiter()
  i            public query()
  m            public commitQuery(java.lang.Object)
  o            public clear()
  r            public setLimiter(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Limiter)
  r            public buildLimiter(long)
  u            public createData(android.view.View)
  x            public onHandleRowClick(android.view.View)
  getCount     public getCount()
  getItem      public getItem(int)
  getItemId    public getItemId(int)
  getView      public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  onClick      public onClick(android.view.View)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FileSystemAdapter$1     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_v6$1)
===============================================================================
  accept   public accept(java.io.File,java.lang.String)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FileSystemAdapter$2     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_v6$2)
===============================================================================
  p        public compare(java.io.File,java.io.File)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FileSystemAdapter$NullPointerException  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_s5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FileSystemAdapter$Observer      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_v6$_)
===============================================================================
  onEvent  public onEvent(int,java.lang.String)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FileUtils       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_yz)
===============================================================================
  f    public static getFilesystemBrowseStart(android.content.Context)
  p    public static dispatchIntent(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryActivity,android.content.Intent)
  q    public static canDispatchIntent(android.content.Intent)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FileUtils$ParseException        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_rq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FilebrowserStartActivity        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ey)
===============================================================================
  b                        public onDirectoryClicked(int)
  f                        static access$100(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FilebrowserStartActivity)
  m                        static access$000(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FilebrowserStartActivity)
  n                        private refreshDirectoryList()
  onCreate                 public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onResume                 public onResume()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FilebrowserStartActivity$1      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ey$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FilebrowserStartActivity$ParseException (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval__9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FilebrowserStartAdapter (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_p0)
===============================================================================
  getView  public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FilebrowserStartAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_gr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FourLongWidget
===============================================================================
  n            public static updateWidget(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,int)
  o            public static checkEnabled(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager)
  onDisabled   public onDisabled(android.content.Context)
  onEnabled    public onEnabled(android.content.Context)
  onUpdate     public onUpdate(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager,int[])

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FourLongWidget$ParseException   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_sm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FourSquareWidget
===============================================================================
  c            public static updateWidget(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,int)
  i            public static checkEnabled(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager)
  onDisabled   public onDisabled(android.content.Context)
  onEnabled    public onEnabled(android.content.Context)
  onUpdate     public onUpdate(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager,int[])

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FourSquareWidget$Exception      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_k8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FourWhiteWidget
===============================================================================
  m            public static checkEnabled(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager)
  p            public static updateWidget(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,int)
  onDisabled   public onDisabled(android.content.Context)
  onEnabled    public onEnabled(android.content.Context)
  onUpdate     public onUpdate(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager,int[])

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FourWhiteWidget$IOException     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_p6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FullPlaybackActivity    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ps)
===============================================================================
  d                        public onPositionInfoChanged()
  d                        private showOverlayMessage(int)
  eval_c                   private loadExtraInfo()
  g                        protected onStateChange(int,int)
  h                        public onSlideFullyExpanded(boolean)
  j                        private hideMessageOverlay()
  j                        private setExtraInfoVisible(boolean)
  j                        private static decodeMimeType(java.lang.String)
  v                        protected onSongChange(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  x                        private setControlsVisible(boolean)
  y                        private updateQueuePosition()
  y                        protected performAction(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Action)
  handleMessage            public handleMessage(android.os.Message)
  onClick                  public onClick(android.view.View)
  onCreate                 public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onKeyDown                public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyUp                  public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onLongClick              public onLongClick(android.view.View)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onSearchRequested        public onSearchRequested()
  onStart                  public onStart()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FullPlaybackActivity$1  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ps$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FullPlaybackActivity$2  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ps$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FullPlaybackActivity$3  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ps$3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.FullPlaybackActivity$IOException        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_hi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.IdlePreference
===============================================================================
  o                    private updateText()
  z                    private formatTime(int)
  getSummary           public getSummary()
  onCreateDialogView   protected onCreateDialogView()
  onDialogClosed       protected onDialogClosed(boolean)
  onProgressChanged    public onProgressChanged(android.widget.SeekBar,int,boolean)
  onStartTrackingTouch public onStartTrackingTouch(android.widget.SeekBar)
  onStopTrackingTouch  public onStopTrackingTouch(android.widget.SeekBar)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.IdlePreference$ParseException   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_uj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LazyCoverView
===============================================================================
  a                static access$000(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LazyCoverView)
  d                public setCover(int,long,java.lang.String)
  n                public drawFromCache(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverCache$CoverKey,boolean)
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LazyCoverView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_xp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LazyCoverView$BitmapLruCache    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LazyCoverView$y)
===============================================================================
  c        protected sizeOf(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.CoverCache$CoverKey,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  sizeOf   protected volatile sizeOf(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LazyCoverView$CoverMsg  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LazyCoverView$p)
===============================================================================
  r    public isRecent()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryActivity
===============================================================================
  a                        private expand(android.content.Intent)
  b                        public updateLimiterViews()
  c                        private checkForLaunch(android.content.Intent)
  e                        public onCreateContextMenu(android.view.ContextMenu,android.content.Intent)
  eval_e                   private updateHeaders()
  eval_z                   public openPlaybackActivity()
  g                        protected onStateChange(int,int)
  i                        private setLimiter(int,java.lang.String)
  k                        public onMediaChange()
  l                        public onPageChanged(int,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryAdapter)
  m                        private updateCover(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  n                        public onItemExpanded(android.content.Intent)
  n                        private pickSongs(android.content.Intent,int)
  o                        private loadAlbumIntent(android.content.Intent)
  s                        private editPlaylist(android.content.Intent)
  t                        private loadTabOrder()
  v                        public onItemClicked(android.content.Intent)
  v                        protected onSongChange(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  w                        static access$000(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryActivity)
  handleMessage            public handleMessage(android.os.Message)
  onClick                  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
  onClick                  public onClick(android.view.View)
  onContextItemSelected    public onContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onCreate                 public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onDismiss                public onDismiss(android.content.DialogInterface)
  onKeyDown                public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyUp                  public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onNewIntent              public onNewIntent(android.content.Intent)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onPrepareOptionsMenu     public onPrepareOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onQueryTextChange        public onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  onQueryTextSubmit        public onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)
  onRestart                public onRestart()
  onStart                  public onStart()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryActivity$1
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryActivity$2
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryActivity$3
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryActivity$IOException     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_n2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryAdapter  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_y7)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract getMediaType()
  eval_l   public abstract setFilter(java.lang.String)
  g        public abstract getLimiter()
  i        public abstract query()
  m        public abstract commitQuery(java.lang.Object)
  o        public abstract clear()
  r        public abstract setLimiter(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Limiter)
  r        public abstract buildLimiter(long)
  u        public abstract createData(android.view.View)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryAdapter$ParseException   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_pe)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryPagerAdapter     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_qs)
===============================================================================
  a                    public getPageTitle(int)
  c                    public requestRequery(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryAdapter)
  d                    private requeryIfNeeded(int)
  eval_f               public invalidateData()
  eval_m               public loadTabOrder()
  eval_n               public getCurrentLimiter()
  eval_z               public clearLimiter(int)
  g                    public saveState()
  h                    private maintainPosition()
  h                    public setPrimaryItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  j                    public isViewFromObject(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  j                    public onPageScrollStateChanged(int)
  k                    public restoreState(android.os.Parcelable,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  k                    public onPageSelected(int)
  m                    public setHeaderText(java.lang.String)
  o                    public getCount()
  o                    public postRequestRequery(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryAdapter)
  p                    public computeExpansions()
  p                    public setFilter(java.lang.String)
  q                    private postRunQuery(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryAdapter)
  s                    public instantiateItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  u                    private static createHeaderIntent(android.view.View)
  w                    public setLimiter(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Limiter)
  w                    public loadSortOrder(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaAdapter)
  w                    public onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  x                    public getItemPosition(java.lang.Object)
  z                    public destroyItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  z                    public setSortMode(int)
  handleMessage        public handleMessage(android.os.Message)
  onCreateContextMenu  public onCreateContextMenu(android.view.ContextMenu,android.view.View,android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  onItemClick          public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryPagerAdapter$1   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_qs$1)
===============================================================================
  onChange public onChange(boolean)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryPagerAdapter$AdaperPositionLruCache      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_qs$i)
===============================================================================
  h    public popPosition(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryAdapter)
  i    private _k(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryAdapter)
  s    public storePosition(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryAdapter,java.lang.Integer)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryPagerAdapter$ParseException      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval__1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Limiter (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval__5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Limiter$NullPointerException    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval__4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ListPreferenceSummary
===============================================================================
  getSummary       public getSummary()
  onDialogClosed   protected onDialogClosed(boolean)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ListPreferenceSummary$Exception (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ah)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaAdapter    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ta)
===============================================================================
  b                        public getMediaType()
  e                        public changeCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  eval_l                   public setFilter(java.lang.String)
  eval_y                   private getFirstSortColumn()
  f                        private buildAlphabet()
  g                        public getLimiter()
  i                        public query()
  k                        public setExpandable(boolean)
  k                        public setSortMode(int)
  l                        public getSortMode()
  l                        public buildSongQuery(java.lang.String[])
  m                        public commitQuery(java.lang.Object)
  o                        public clear()
  r                        public setLimiter(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Limiter)
  r                        public buildLimiter(long)
  s                        private buildQuery(java.lang.String[],boolean)
  u                        public createData(android.view.View)
  v                        public getDefaultSortMode()
  x                        public getSortEntries()
  y                        public getLimiterType()
  getCount                 public getCount()
  getItem                  public getItem(int)
  getItemId                public getItemId(int)
  getPositionForSection    public getPositionForSection(int)
  getSectionForPosition    public getSectionForPosition(int)
  getSections              public getSections()
  getView                  public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  hasStableIds             public hasStableIds()
  onClick                  public onClick(android.view.View)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaAdapter$NullPointerException       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_yc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaAdapter$SectionIndex       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ta$_)
===============================================================================
  r        static access$000(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaAdapter$SectionIndex)
  toString public toString()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaButtonReceiver
===============================================================================
  eval_c       private static beep(android.content.Context)
  k            public static reloadPreference(android.content.Context)
  o            public static processKey(android.content.Context,android.view.KeyEvent)
  q            public static useHeadsetControls(android.content.Context)
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaButtonReceiver$ParseException      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ll)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaUtils      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bh)
===============================================================================
  a        private static addDirEndSlash(java.lang.String)
  b        public static queryResolver(android.content.ContentResolver,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String)
  e        public static randomSong(android.content.ContentResolver)
  e        public static queryGenreForSong(android.content.ContentResolver,long)
  eval_b   public static buildGenreExcludeEmptyQuery(java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String)
  eval_b   public static shuffle(java.util.List,boolean)
  eval_s   public static getSongByTypeId(android.content.ContentResolver,int,long)
  g        public static getCursorForFileQuery(java.lang.String)
  i        public static buildGenreQuery(long,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,int,boolean)
  j        public static getRandom()
  k        public static deleteFile(java.io.File)
  l        public static buildFileQuery(java.lang.String,java.lang.String[])
  m        private static queryAllSongs(android.content.ContentResolver)
  o        public static isSongAvailable(android.content.ContentResolver)
  q        public static onMediaChange()
  q        private static sanitizeMediaPath(java.lang.String)
  v        public static shuffle(long[])
  w        public static buildQuery(int,long,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String)
  y        public static buildPlaylistQuery(long,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String)
  z        private static buildMediaQuery(int,long,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaUtils$IOException  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_kz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MiniPlaybackActivity    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_d8)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)
  onCreate public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MiniPlaybackActivity$IOException        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_sc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService
===============================================================================
  d                public onPositionInfoChanged()
  e                static access$800(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService)
  eval_l           static access$500(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService)
  eval_r           static access$300(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService)
  eval_r           private loadChildrenAsync(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService$MediaID,android.service.media.MediaBrowserService$Result)
  eval_y           private setSessionInactive()
  f                private static buildLimiterFromMediaID(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService$MediaID)
  g                private getAvailableActions()
  h                private clearLimiters()
  h                private buildQueryFromMediaID(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService$MediaID,boolean,boolean)
  i                public replaceSong(int,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  i                private updatePlaybackState(java.lang.String)
  i                private runQuery(java.util.List,int,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaAdapter)
  j                private subtitleForMediaType(int)
  k                public onMediaChange()
  m                static access$400(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService,java.util.List,int,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaAdapter)
  n                public onTimelineChanged()
  n                public onError(java.lang.String)
  p                public onMediaChanged()
  q                public setState(long,int)
  recreate         public recreate()
  s                static access$200(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService)
  u                static access$100(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService)
  v                private setSessionActive()
  v                static access$600(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService)
  w                private setCustomAction(android.media.session.PlaybackState$Builder)
  w                static access$700(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService)
  w                public setSong(long,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)
  onCreate         public onCreate()
  onDestroy        public onDestroy()
  onGetRoot        public onGetRoot(java.lang.String,int,android.os.Bundle)
  onLoadChildren   public onLoadChildren(java.lang.String,android.service.media.MediaBrowserService$Result)
  onStartCommand   public onStartCommand(android.content.Intent,int,int)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService$1
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService$2
===============================================================================
  l                protected onPostExecute(java.lang.Integer)
  z                protected transient doInBackground(java.lang.Void[])
  doInBackground   protected volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  onPostExecute    protected volatile onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService$MediaID   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService$m)
===============================================================================
  h        public isInvalid()
  h        public static toString(int,long,java.lang.String)
  i        public isTopAdapter()
  i        public static isTopAdapter(java.lang.String)
  toString public toString()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService$MediaSessionCallback      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService$o)
===============================================================================
  onCustomAction       public onCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  onFastForward        public onFastForward()
  onPause              public onPause()
  onPlay               public onPlay()
  onPlayFromMediaId    public onPlayFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  onRewind             public onRewind()
  onSeekTo             public onSeekTo(long)
  onSkipToNext         public onSkipToNext()
  onSkipToPrevious     public onSkipToPrevious()
  onStop               public onStop()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MirrorLinkMediaBrowserService$ParseException    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_wh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.NewPlaylistDialog       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_o9)
===============================================================================
  b                    public getText()
  d                    public isAccepted()
  h                    public getPlaylistTask()
  afterTextChanged     public afterTextChanged(android.text.Editable)
  beforeTextChanged    public beforeTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)
  onClick              public onClick(android.view.View)
  onCreate             protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onTextChanged        public onTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.NewPlaylistDialog$NullPointerException  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ph)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.OneCellWidget
===============================================================================
  i            public static checkEnabled(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager)
  j            public static updateWidget(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,int)
  onDisabled   public onDisabled(android.content.Context)
  onEnabled    public onEnabled(android.content.Context)
  onUpdate     public onUpdate(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager,int[])

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.OneCellWidget$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_dl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PermissionRequestActivity       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ix)
===============================================================================
  e                            public static showWarning(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.LibraryActivity,android.content.Intent)
  l                            public static requestPermissions(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  m                            public static havePermissions(android.content.Context)
  onCreate                     public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onRequestPermissionsResult   public onRequestPermissionsResult(int,java.lang.String[],int[])

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PermissionRequestActivity$1     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ix$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PermissionRequestActivity$IOException   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_jt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlayCountsHelper        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ke)
===============================================================================
  e            public getTopSongs(int)
  p            private performGC(int)
  w            public countSong(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  onCreate     public onCreate(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase)
  onUpgrade    public onUpgrade(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase,int,int)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlayCountsHelper$Exception      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_nr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackActivity        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_h6)
===============================================================================
  c                        public openLibrary(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  d                        public onPositionInfoChanged()
  eval_f                   protected bindControlButtons()
  eval_f                   protected setSong(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  eval_j                   public cycleFinishAction()
  eval_l                   public cycleShuffle()
  eval_y                   private rewindCurrentSong()
  f                        protected setState(int)
  g                        protected onStateChange(int,int)
  i                        protected addToPlaylist(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistTask)
  i                        public replaceSong(int,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  k                        public onMediaChange()
  l                        protected onServiceReady()
  n                        public onTimelineChanged()
  q                        public setState(long,int)
  s                        private showToast(java.lang.String,int)
  t                        private removeFromPlaylist(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistTask)
  t                        public shiftCurrentSong(int)
  u                        public playPause()
  v                        protected onSongChange(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  w                        public setSong(long,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  x                        public downSwipe()
  y                        private delete(android.content.Intent)
  y                        protected performAction(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Action)
  z                        public upSwipe()
  handleMessage            public handleMessage(android.os.Message)
  onClick                  public onClick(android.view.View)
  onContextItemSelected    public onContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onCreate                 public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateContextMenu      public onCreateContextMenu(android.view.ContextMenu,android.view.View,android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onDestroy                public onDestroy()
  onKeyDown                public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyUp                  public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onResume                 public onResume()
  onStart                  public onStart()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackActivity$1      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_h6$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackActivity$2      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_h6$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackActivity$3      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_h6$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackActivity$Exception      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_vv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackActivity$SaveAsPlaylistDismiss  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_h6$g)
===============================================================================
  onDismiss    public onDismiss(android.content.DialogInterface)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackService
===============================================================================
  a                            public getTimelinePosition()
  c                            public cycleFinishAction()
  d                            private isSpeakerOn()
  d                            private showMirrorLinkSafeToast(int,int)
  d                            private loadPreference(java.lang.String)
  e                            public playPause()
  e                            public getReplayGainValues(java.lang.String)
  eval__                       public getPosition()
  eval_a                       private getMirrorLinkCallback()
  eval_b                       private triggerReadAhead()
  eval_d                       public onMediaChange()
  eval_g                       private setupSensor()
  eval_h                       private enterSleepState()
  eval_j                       public getAudioSession()
  eval_k                       public positionInfoChanged()
  eval_l                       public isPlaying()
  eval_o                       private initWidgets()
  eval_q                       private getNewMediaPlayer()
  eval_q                       public getSong(int)
  eval_s                       public userActionTriggered()
  eval_t                       private refreshDuckingValues()
  eval_v                       private triggerGaplessUpdate()
  eval_v                       private updateState(int)
  eval_w                       private refreshReplayGainValues()
  eval_x                       public clearQueue()
  f                            private stockMusicBroadcast()
  f                            public performAction(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Action,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackActivity)
  f                            public prepareMediaPlayer(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.VanillaMediaPlayer,java.lang.String)
  f                            public unsetFlag(int)
  g                            public moveSongPosition(int,int)
  h                            public addSongs(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.QueryTask)
  h                            public static addTimelineCallback(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TimelineCallback)
  h                            public shiftCurrentSong(int)
  i                            public play()
  i                            public saveState(int)
  j                            public static hasInstance()
  j                            public static get(android.content.Context)
  j                            public setFlag(int)
  k                            private scrobble()
  k                            public jumpToQueuePosition(int)
  l                            public loadState()
  l                            public setFinishAction(int)
  m                            public pause()
  n                            private updateNotification()
  n                            public createNotificationAction(android.content.SharedPreferences)
  o                            public enqueueFromSong(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,int)
  o                            public activeSongReplaced(int,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  p                            public getState()
  p                            public createNotification(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,int,int)
  p                            public static shuffleMode(int)
  q                            public rewindCurrentSong()
  q                            public getSongByQueuePosition(int)
  r                            public cycleShuffle()
  r                            public removeSongPosition(int)
  s                            private updateWidgets()
  t                            public getDuration()
  t                            public setShuffleMode(int)
  t                            private broadcastChange(int,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,long)
  t                            private processNewState(int,int)
  u                            public deleteMedia(int,long)
  u                            private showMirrorLinkSafeToast(java.lang.CharSequence,int)
  v                            public getTimelineLength()
  v                            private applyReplayGain(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.VanillaMediaPlayer)
  v                            public seekToProgress(int)
  w                            public getErrorMessage()
  w                            public static getSettings(android.content.Context)
  w                            public runQuery(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.QueryTask)
  x                            private processSong(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  x                            public static finishAction(int)
  y                            public timelineChanged()
  y                            private setCurrentSong(int)
  z                            public emptyQueue()
  z                            public static removeTimelineCallback(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TimelineCallback)
  handleMessage                public handleMessage(android.os.Message)
  onAccuracyChanged            public onAccuracyChanged(android.hardware.Sensor,int)
  onAudioFocusChange           public onAudioFocusChange(int)
  onBind                       public onBind(android.content.Intent)
  onCompletion                 public onCompletion(android.media.MediaPlayer)
  onCreate                     public onCreate()
  onDestroy                    public onDestroy()
  onError                      public onError(android.media.MediaPlayer,int,int)
  onSensorChanged              public onSensorChanged(android.hardware.SensorEvent)
  onSharedPreferenceChanged    public onSharedPreferenceChanged(android.content.SharedPreferences,java.lang.String)
  onStartCommand               public onStartCommand(android.content.Intent,int,int)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackService$1
===============================================================================
  onChange public onChange(boolean)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackService$2
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackService$IOException     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackService$Receiver        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaybackService$x)
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Playlist        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_g4)
===============================================================================
  d        public static renamePlaylist(android.content.ContentResolver,long,java.lang.String)
  eval_g   private static _copyToPlaylist(android.content.ContentResolver,long,long)
  h        public static deletePlaylist(android.content.ContentResolver,long)
  n        public static removeFromPlaylist(android.content.ContentResolver,long,java.util.ArrayList)
  n        public static getFavoritesId(android.content.Context,boolean)
  p        public static isInPlaylist(android.content.ContentResolver,long,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  r        public static addToPlaylist(android.content.ContentResolver,long,java.util.ArrayList)
  s        public static createPlaylist(android.content.ContentResolver,java.lang.String)
  t        public static getPlaylist(android.content.ContentResolver,java.lang.String)
  u        public static addToPlaylist(android.content.ContentResolver,long,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.QueryTask)
  z        public static queryPlaylists(android.content.ContentResolver)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Playlist$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_gn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistActivity        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_py)
===============================================================================
  g                        public setEditing(boolean)
  m                        public drop(int,int)
  q                        public remove(int)
  z                        private performAction(int,int,long)
  onClick                  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
  onClick                  public onClick(android.view.View)
  onContextItemSelected    public onContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onCreate                 public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateContextMenu      public onCreateContextMenu(android.view.ContextMenu,android.view.View,android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  onDestroy                public onDestroy()
  onItemClick              public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onNewIntent              public onNewIntent(android.content.Intent)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onStart                  public onStart()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistActivity$Exception      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_c3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistAdapter (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_g5)
===============================================================================
  eval_b           public moveItem(int,int)
  q                public setPlaylistId(long)
  r                public setEditable(boolean)
  v                private runQuery(android.content.ContentResolver)
  v                public removeItem(int)
  bindView         public bindView(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor)
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)
  newView          public newView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistAdapter$IOException     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_lu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistDialog  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ej)
===============================================================================
  onClick          public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
  onCreateDialog   public onCreateDialog(android.os.Bundle)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistDialog$Callback (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ej$l)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract appendToPlaylistFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  j    public abstract createNewPlaylistFromIntent(android.content.Intent)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistDialog$ParseException   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_pt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistTask    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_si)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PlaylistTask$NullPointerException       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_so)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PrefDefaults    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_gm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PrefDefaults$NullPointerException       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_su)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PrefKeys        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_k9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PrefKeys$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_k5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez)
===============================================================================
  isValidFragment              protected isValidFragment(java.lang.String)
  onBuildHeaders               public onBuildHeaders(java.util.List)
  onCreate                     protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onDestroy                    protected onDestroy()
  onOptionsItemSelected        public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onSharedPreferenceChanged    public onSharedPreferenceChanged(android.content.SharedPreferences,java.lang.String)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$AboutFragment       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$y)
===============================================================================
  onCreateView public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$AudioFragment       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$p)
===============================================================================
  onCreate public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$CoverArtFragment    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$x)
===============================================================================
  onCreate public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$EqualizerFragment   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$d)
===============================================================================
  onCreate public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$HeadsetLaunchFragment       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$z)
===============================================================================
  onCreate public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$HeadsetLaunchFragment$1     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$z$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$HeadsetLaunchFragment$2     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$z$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$HeadsetLaunchFragment$Exception     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_c_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$LibraryFragment     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$l)
===============================================================================
  onCreate public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$MiscFragment        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$g)
===============================================================================
  onCreate public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$NotificationsFragment       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$a)
===============================================================================
  onCreate public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$ParseException      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_by)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$PlaybackFragment    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$b)
===============================================================================
  onCreate public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$ReplayGainFragment  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$eval_m)
===============================================================================
  n        private updateConfigWidgets()
  u        static access$000(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$ReplayGainFragment)
  onCreate public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$ReplayGainFragment$1        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$eval_m$1)
===============================================================================
  onPreferenceClick    public onPreferenceClick(android.preference.Preference)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$ReplayGainFragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_d1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesActivity$ShakeFragment       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ez$eval_k)
===============================================================================
  onCreate public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesTheme        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_yv)
===============================================================================
  e                    private decodeValue(java.lang.String)
  r                    private generateThemePreview(int[])
  onCreate             public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onPreferenceClick    public onPreferenceClick(android.preference.Preference)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.PreferencesTheme$Exception      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_n5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.QueryTask       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_x2)
===============================================================================
  n    public runQuery(android.content.ContentResolver)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.QueryTask$ParseException        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_re)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$Exception     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_az)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$array (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$attr  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$color (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$dimen (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$drawable      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$id    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$eval_y)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$layout        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$plurals       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$n)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$raw   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$string        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$eval_u)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$style (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$eval__)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$styleable     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.R$xml   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ip$t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ReadaheadThread (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ad)
===============================================================================
  k                public setSource(java.lang.String)
  r                public pause()
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ReadaheadThread$IOException     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_rn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.RemoteControl   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_yi)
===============================================================================
  d    public getClient(android.content.Context)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.RemoteControl$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_lk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.RemoteControl$Client    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_yi$_)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract initializeRemote()
  n    public abstract reloadPreference()
  v    public abstract updateRemote(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,int,boolean)
  y    public abstract unregisterRemote()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.RemoteControlImplICS    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_as)
===============================================================================
  i    public initializeRemote()
  n    public reloadPreference()
  v    public updateRemote(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,int,boolean)
  y    public unregisterRemote()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.RemoteControlImplICS$IOException        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_pf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.RemoteControlImplLp     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_vb)
===============================================================================
  i    public initializeRemote()
  n    public reloadPreference()
  o    static access$000(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.RemoteControlImplLp)
  v    public updateRemote(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,int,boolean)
  y    public unregisterRemote()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.RemoteControlImplLp$1   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_vb$1)
===============================================================================
  onPause          public onPause()
  onPlay           public onPlay()
  onSkipToNext     public onSkipToNext()
  onSkipToPrevious public onSkipToPrevious()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.RemoteControlImplLp$ParseException      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_t1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SDScannerFragment       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_sw)
===============================================================================
  c                private findViewById(int)
  h                public updateProgressNum(int)
  i                public updateStartButtonEnabled(boolean)
  k                public startButtonPressed(android.view.View)
  q                public updatePath(java.lang.String)
  r                public updateDebugMessages(com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.UIStringGenerator)
  y                public signalFinished()
  y                public updateProgressText(com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.UIStringGenerator)
  onCreate         public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateView     public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  onDestroy        public onDestroy()
  onViewCreated    public onViewCreated(android.view.View,android.os.Bundle)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SDScannerFragment$1     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_sw$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SDScannerFragment$NullPointerException  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval__8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SeekBarPreference
===============================================================================
  a                    private initDefaults(android.util.AttributeSet)
  a                    private saveCheckBoxPreference(boolean)
  b                    private setValue(int)
  w                    private getSummary(int)
  x                    private getCheckBoxPreference()
  getSummary           public getSummary()
  onCreateDialogView   protected onCreateDialogView()
  onDialogClosed       protected onDialogClosed(boolean)
  onGetDefaultValue    protected onGetDefaultValue(android.content.res.TypedArray,int)
  onProgressChanged    public onProgressChanged(android.widget.SeekBar,int,boolean)
  onSetInitialValue    protected onSetInitialValue(boolean,java.lang.Object)
  onStartTrackingTouch public onStartTrackingTouch(android.widget.SeekBar)
  onStopTrackingTouch  public onStopTrackingTouch(android.widget.SeekBar)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SeekBarPreference$NullPointerException  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ShowQueueAdapter        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_i1)
===============================================================================
  z        public highlightRow(int)
  getView  public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ShowQueueAdapter$Exception      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_co)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ShowQueueFragment       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bx)
===============================================================================
  d                    public onPositionInfoChanged()
  eval_z               static access$200(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ShowQueueFragment,int)
  i                    public replaceSong(int,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  k                    public onMediaChange()
  m                    public drop(int,int)
  n                    public onTimelineChanged()
  p                    private scrollToCurrentSong(int)
  q                    static access$100(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ShowQueueFragment)
  q                    public remove(int)
  q                    public setState(long,int)
  r                    static access$000(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ShowQueueFragment)
  recreate             public recreate()
  s                    public refreshSongQueueList(boolean)
  w                    public setSong(long,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  onCreateContextMenu  public onCreateContextMenu(android.view.ContextMenu,android.view.View,android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  onCreateView         public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  onDestroyView        public onDestroyView()
  onItemClick          public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onMenuItemClick      public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)
  onResume             public onResume()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ShowQueueFragment$1     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bx$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ShowQueueFragment$NullPointerException  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_u2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingPlaybackActivity (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_wr)
===============================================================================
  e                        private updateElapsedTime()
  e                        public appendToPlaylistFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  e                        protected buildQueryFromIntent(android.content.Intent,boolean,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.MediaAdapter)
  eval_f                   protected bindControlButtons()
  g                        protected onStateChange(int,int)
  h                        public onSlideFullyExpanded(boolean)
  j                        public createNewPlaylistFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  p                        private setDuration(long)
  v                        protected adjustSpines()
  v                        protected onSongChange(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  handleMessage            public handleMessage(android.os.Message)
  onContextItemSelected    public onContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onPause                  public onPause()
  onProgressChanged        public onProgressChanged(android.widget.SeekBar,int,boolean)
  onResume                 public onResume()
  onStartTrackingTouch     public onStartTrackingTouch(android.widget.SeekBar)
  onStopTrackingTouch      public onStopTrackingTouch(android.widget.SeekBar)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingPlaybackActivity$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_uz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView
===============================================================================
  a                            private setExpansionStage(int)
  e                            public isHidden()
  h                            static access$100(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView,int)
  j                            static access$200(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView)
  j                            public setCallback(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView$Callback)
  k                            public expandSlide()
  l                            public hideSlide()
  q                            public hideSlideDelayed()
  q                            private setSlaveViewStage(int)
  s                            public isExpanded()
  v                            static access$002(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView,float)
  onFinishInflate              protected onFinishInflate()
  onLayout                     protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onTouch                      public onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
  onWindowVisibilityChanged    protected onWindowVisibilityChanged(int)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView$AnimationListener   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView$z)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationCancel    public onAnimationCancel(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView$Callback    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView$r)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract onSlideFullyExpanded(boolean)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView$Exception   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_p_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView$GestureListener     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SlidingView$v)
===============================================================================
  onFling  public onFling(android.view.MotionEvent,android.view.MotionEvent,float,float)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_hs)
===============================================================================
  a            public static getId(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  c            public populate(android.database.Cursor)
  eval_m       public compareTo(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  eval_y       public getSmallCover(android.content.Context)
  o            public getCover(android.content.Context)
  r            public isFilled()
  v            public isRandom()
  z            private getCoverInternal(android.content.Context,int)
  compareTo    public volatile compareTo(java.lang.Object)
  toString     public toString()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song$ParseException     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_mi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SongTimeline    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_q_)
===============================================================================
  a        public moveSongPosition(int,int)
  b        public setCurrentQueuePosition(int)
  d        public clearQueue()
  d        public setFinishAction(int)
  e        private getShuffledTimeline(boolean)
  e        public setCallback(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SongTimeline$Callback)
  eval_l   private saveActiveSongs()
  eval_t   private broadcastChangedSongs()
  eval_v   private changed()
  f        public getSongByQueuePosition(int)
  g        public emptyQueue()
  g        public shiftCurrentSong(int)
  j        public isEndOfQueue()
  j        private shrinkQueue(int)
  k        public getLength()
  l        private reshuffleTimeline()
  m        public getPosition()
  m        public setShuffleMode(int)
  n        public getFinishAction()
  n        public removeSongPosition(int)
  p        public readState(java.io.DataInputStream)
  p        public writeState(java.io.DataOutputStream)
  r        public getShuffleMode()
  s        public getSong(int)
  t        private shiftCurrentSongInternal(int)
  v        public addSongs(android.content.Context,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.QueryTask)
  y        public removeSong(long)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SongTimeline$Callback   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_q_$m)
===============================================================================
  eval_k   public abstract positionInfoChanged()
  o        public abstract activeSongReplaced(int,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  y        public abstract timelineChanged()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SongTimeline$FlagComparator     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_q_$t)
===============================================================================
  p        public compare(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SongTimeline$IdComparator       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_q_$u)
===============================================================================
  e        public compare(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.SongTimeline$NullPointerException       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_pu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TabOrderActivity        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_m1)
===============================================================================
  eval__                   public save()
  eval_p                   public load()
  m                        public drop(int,int)
  s                        public restoreDefault()
  onClick                  public onClick(android.view.View)
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onItemClick              public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TabOrderActivity$Exception      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_xu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TabOrderAdapter (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_rv)
===============================================================================
  n            public getTabIds()
  t            public setTabIds(int[])
  getCount     public getCount()
  getItem      public getItem(int)
  getItemId    public getItemId(int)
  getView      public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  hasStableIds public hasStableIds()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TabOrderAdapter$IOException     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_pi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ThemeHelper     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_f2)
===============================================================================
  a    private static final getSelectedTheme(android.content.Context)
  b    private static final usesDarkTheme(android.content.Context)
  g    public static final getDefaultCoverColors(android.content.Context)
  g    public static final getPlayButtonResource(boolean)
  h    public static final setTheme(android.content.Context,int)
  q    public static final usesHoloTheme()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ThemeHelper$Exception   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_kx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TimelineCallback        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_vu)
===============================================================================
  d        public abstract onPositionInfoChanged()
  i        public abstract replaceSong(int,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  k        public abstract onMediaChange()
  n        public abstract onTimelineChanged()
  q        public abstract setState(long,int)
  w        public abstract setSong(long,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song)
  recreate public abstract recreate()

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TimelineCallback$Exception      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_hh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TimestampedObject       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ef)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.TimestampedObject$NullPointerException  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_dg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.VanillaImageButton
===============================================================================
  e                private updateImageTint(int)
  w                private fetchAttrColor(int)
  setImageResource public setImageResource(int)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.VanillaImageButton$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_wj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.VanillaMediaPlayer      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_rr)
===============================================================================
  d                public setDuckingFactor(float)
  f                public openAudioFx()
  g                public getDataSource()
  n                public setIsDucking(boolean)
  n                public setReplayGain(float)
  q                private updateVolume()
  u                public hasNextMediaPlayer()
  v                public setNextMediaPlayer(ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.VanillaMediaPlayer)
  w                public closeAudioFx()
  release          public release()
  reset            public reset()
  setDataSource    public setDataSource(java.lang.String)

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.VanillaMediaPlayer$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ih)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ViewHolder      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.ViewHolder$IOException  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_a1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.WidgetD
===============================================================================
  i            public static updateWidget(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,int)
  u            public static checkEnabled(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager)
  onDisabled   public onDisabled(android.content.Context)
  onEnabled    public onEnabled(android.content.Context)
  onUpdate     public onUpdate(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager,int[])

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.WidgetD$NullPointerException    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_ok)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.WidgetE
===============================================================================
  y            public static updateWidget(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager,ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.Song,int)
  z            public static checkEnabled(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager)
  onDisabled   public onDisabled(android.content.Context)
  onEnabled    public onEnabled(android.content.Context)
  onUpdate     public onUpdate(android.content.Context,android.appwidget.AppWidgetManager,int[])

ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.WidgetE$NullPointerException    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_k3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.bastp.Bastp     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_jb)
===============================================================================
  h    public getTags(java.io.RandomAccessFile)
  q    public getTags(java.lang.String)
  s    private inheritTag(java.lang.String,java.util.HashMap,java.util.HashMap)

ch.blinkenlights.bastp.Bastp$IOException (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_t5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.bastp.Common    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_hr)
===============================================================================
  a    public debug(java.lang.String)
  b    public swap32(int)
  e    public xdie(java.lang.String)
  j    public b2le16(byte[],int)
  o    public b2be32(byte[],int)
  q    public b2u(byte)
  q    public parse_vorbis_comment(java.io.RandomAccessFile,long,long)
  r    public b2le32(byte[],int)
  w    public addTagEntry(java.util.HashMap,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

ch.blinkenlights.bastp.Common$Exception  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_e4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.bastp.FlacFile  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_r9)
===============================================================================
  c    private parse_streaminfo_block(java.io.RandomAccessFile,long,long)
  d    public getTags(java.io.RandomAccessFile)
  e    private parse_metadata_block(java.io.RandomAccessFile,long)

ch.blinkenlights.bastp.FlacFile$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_p5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.bastp.ID3v2File (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_te)
===============================================================================
  e        private getDecodedString(byte[])
  e        public getTags(java.io.RandomAccessFile)
  eval_g   public parse_v3_frames(java.io.RandomAccessFile,long,int)
  v        private unsyncsafe(int)
  w        private normalizeTaginfo(java.lang.String,byte[])

ch.blinkenlights.bastp.ID3v2File$ParseException  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_zn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.bastp.LameHeader        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_j7)
===============================================================================
  r    public parseLameHeader(java.io.RandomAccessFile,long)
  w    public getTags(java.io.RandomAccessFile)

ch.blinkenlights.bastp.LameHeader$IOException    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.bastp.OggFile   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_vi)
===============================================================================
  b    protected parse_ogg_page(java.io.RandomAccessFile,long)
  p    private parse_ogg_vorbis_identification(java.io.RandomAccessFile,long,long)
  v    private parse_ogg_vorbis_comment(java.io.RandomAccessFile,long,long)
  z    public getTags(java.io.RandomAccessFile)

ch.blinkenlights.bastp.OggFile$NullPointerException      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_xe)
===============================================================================
  No methods

ch.blinkenlights.bastp.OpusFile  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_l3)
===============================================================================
  f    private calculate_gain(java.util.HashMap,java.util.HashMap)
  h    private parse_opus_head(java.io.RandomAccessFile,long,long)
  r    private parse_opus_vorbis_comment(java.io.RandomAccessFile,long,long)
  z    public getTags(java.io.RandomAccessFile)

ch.blinkenlights.bastp.OpusFile$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr)
===============================================================================
  a        static databaseUpdate(java.lang.String,int)
  b        static access$400(com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment,int)
  b        static debugUpdate(int,java.lang.String)
  d        public getProgressNum()
  d        public setScanProgressCallbacks(com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$ScanProgressCallbacks)
  e        static access$300(com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment,int)
  eval_f   public getProgressText()
  eval_l   static access$200(com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment,int,java.lang.String)
  eval_o   private resetDebugMessages()
  eval_u   static access$100()
  g        private updateProgressNum(int)
  h        private addDebugMessage(int,java.lang.String)
  i        public getStartButtonEnabled()
  m        public startScan(java.io.File,boolean)
  n        public getDebugMessages()
  p        private updateProgressText(com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.UIStringGenerator)
  q        public startMediaScanner()
  q        private updateProgressText(int)
  r        static access$500(com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment,int,java.lang.String)
  s        private updateStartButtonEnabled(boolean)
  t        public listPathNamesOnDebug()
  t        static access$000(com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment)
  u        public advanceScanner()
  x        static debugUpdate(int)
  x        private updateProgressText(int,java.lang.String)
  x        private addDebugMessage(java.lang.String)
  y        public getHasStarted()
  y        public startScan(java.io.File[])
  z        private signalFinished()
  z        static stateUpdate(int)
  onAttach public onAttach(android.app.Activity)
  onCreate public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$1  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr$1)
===============================================================================
  onScanCompleted  public onScanCompleted(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri)

com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$2  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr$2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$NullPointerException       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_gl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$PreprocessTask     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr$p)
===============================================================================
  a                protected transient doInBackground(com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$ScanParameters[])
  d                private recursiveAddFiles(java.io.File,com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$ScanParameters)
  eval_z           protected onPostExecute(java.lang.Void)
  i                protected dbOneTry(com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$ScanParameters)
  o                protected transient onProgressUpdate(com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$ProgressUpdate[])
  doInBackground   protected volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  onPostExecute    protected volatile onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
  onProgressUpdate protected volatile onProgressUpdate(java.lang.Object[])

com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$ProgressUpdate     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr$y)
===============================================================================
  f    public getString()
  g    public getResId()
  l    public getProgress()
  v    public getType()

com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$ProgressUpdate$NullPointerException        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_gu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$ProgressUpdate$Type        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr$y$b)
===============================================================================
  valueOf  public static valueOf(java.lang.String)
  values   public static values()

com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$ScanParameters     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr$m)
===============================================================================
  c    public getPath()
  h    public shouldScan(java.io.File,boolean)

com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$ScanProgressCallbacks      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr$g)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract updateProgressNum(int)
  i    public abstract updateStartButtonEnabled(boolean)
  q    public abstract updatePath(java.lang.String)
  r    public abstract updateDebugMessages(com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.UIStringGenerator)
  y    public abstract signalFinished()
  y    public abstract updateProgressText(com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.UIStringGenerator)

com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.ScanFragment$Updater    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_cr$z)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.UIStringGenerator       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_xw)
===============================================================================
  eval_w   public addSubGenerator(int)
  q        public toString(android.app.Activity)
  z        public addSubGenerator(java.lang.String)

com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.UIStringGenerator$NullPointerException  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_fe)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.UIStringGenerator$ResourceSubGenerator  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_xw$i)
===============================================================================
  i    public toString(android.app.Activity)

com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.UIStringGenerator$StringSubGenerator    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_xw$h)
===============================================================================
  i    public toString(android.app.Activity)

com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner.UIStringGenerator$SubGenerator  (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_xw$y)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract toString(android.app.Activity)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortController       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bu)
===============================================================================
  b                public setDragInitMode(int)
  d                public viewIdHitPosition(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  e                static access$200(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortController)
  eval_c           public onDragFloatView(android.view.View,android.graphics.Point,android.graphics.Point)
  eval_u           public setRemoveMode(int)
  eval_z           public setClickRemoveId(int)
  f                public setSortEnabled(boolean)
  g                public isSortEnabled()
  h                public flingHandleHitPosition(android.view.MotionEvent)
  i                public isRemoveEnabled()
  l                static access$100(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortController)
  m                static access$000(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortController)
  n                static access$300(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortController)
  q                public getRemoveMode()
  q                public dragHandleHitPosition(android.view.MotionEvent)
  q                public setDragHandleId(int)
  r                public startDragPosition(android.view.MotionEvent)
  t                public startDrag(int,int,int)
  v                public startFlingPosition(android.view.MotionEvent)
  v                public setRemoveEnabled(boolean)
  w                public getDragInitMode()
  w                static access$400(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortController)
  y                public setFlingHandleId(int)
  z                static access$102(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortController,boolean)
  onDown           public onDown(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onFling          public final onFling(android.view.MotionEvent,android.view.MotionEvent,float,float)
  onLongPress      public onLongPress(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onScroll         public onScroll(android.view.MotionEvent,android.view.MotionEvent,float,float)
  onShowPress      public onShowPress(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onSingleTapUp    public onSingleTapUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onTouch          public onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortController$1     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_bu$1)
===============================================================================
  onFling  public final onFling(android.view.MotionEvent,android.view.MotionEvent,float,float)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortController$ParseException        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_mm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortCursorAdapter    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_iz)
===============================================================================
  c                public getCursorPosition(int)
  g                private resetMappings()
  m                public getListPosition(int)
  m                public drop(int,int)
  o                public getCursorPositions()
  p                private cleanMapping()
  q                public remove(int)
  w                public reset()
  y                public drag(int,int)
  changeCursor     public changeCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  getCount         public getCount()
  getDropDownView  public getDropDownView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getItem          public getItem(int)
  getItemId        public getItemId(int)
  getView          public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  swapCursor       public swapCursor(android.database.Cursor)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortCursorAdapter$NullPointerException       (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_h1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortItemView (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_po)
===============================================================================
  u            public getGravity()
  v            public setGravity(int)
  onLayout     protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure    protected onMeasure(int,int)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortItemView$NullPointerException    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_k_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortItemViewCheckable        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_gp)
===============================================================================
  isChecked    public isChecked()
  setChecked   public setChecked(boolean)
  toggle       public toggle()

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortItemViewCheckable$Exception      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_gt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView
===============================================================================
  a                        private static findFirstSetIndex(android.util.SparseBooleanArray,int,int)
  b                        public moveCheckState(int,int)
  c                        public setFloatViewManager(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$FloatViewManager)
  c                        public removeItem(int,float)
  d                        static access$000(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  d                        static access$2602(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView,boolean)
  d                        static access$2900(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView,int)
  e                        public setDropListener(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DropListener)
  e                        private static rotate(int,int,int,int)
  eval__                   static access$1600(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  eval_b                   static access$1000(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  eval_b                   private calcItemHeight(int,int)
  eval_c                   static access$1500(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  eval_d                   private adjustOnReorder()
  eval_d                   static access$1200(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  eval_f                   static access$800(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  eval_i                   private clearPositions()
  eval_k                   private updateFloatView()
  eval_m                   static access$2500(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  eval_n                   public listViewIntercepted()
  eval_n                   static access$2300(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  eval_o                   private destroyFloatView()
  eval_o                   static access$600(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  eval_o                   public startDrag(int,int,int,int)
  eval_u                   static access$2000(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  eval_w                   static access$2400(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  eval_x                   static access$1700(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  eval_x                   static access$700(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView,boolean)
  eval_y                   private doActionUpOrCancel()
  f                        public cancelDrag()
  f                        public stopDrag(boolean)
  f                        static access$2200(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  f                        public removeItem(int)
  f                        private drawDivider(int,android.graphics.Canvas)
  g                        static access$1100(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  g                        static access$102(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView,int)
  g                        private doDragFloatView(int,android.view.View,boolean)
  h                        private updateScrollStarts()
  i                        private getItemHeight(int)
  j                        public isDragEnabled()
  j                        static access$1400(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  k                        private updatePositions()
  k                        static access$2100(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  k                        static access$1800(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView,int,android.view.View,boolean)
  k                        private adjustScroll(int,android.view.View,int,int)
  l                        private measureFloatView()
  l                        static access$900(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  l                        public setFloatAlpha(float)
  l                        private adjustItem(int)
  l                        private getShuffleEdge(int,int)
  m                        private doDragFloatView(boolean)
  m                        public removeCheckState(int)
  n                        private printPosData()
  n                        public setDragScrollStart(float)
  o                        static access$300(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  o                        static access$1602(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView,float)
  o                        static access$2700(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView,int,android.view.View,boolean)
  p                        private measureItem(android.view.View)
  p                        public stopDrag(boolean,float)
  p                        public setDragSortListener(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DragSortListener)
  p                        public setRemoveListener(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$RemoveListener)
  p                        private adjustItem(int,android.view.View,boolean)
  q                        public getFloatAlpha()
  q                        private saveTouchCoords(android.view.MotionEvent)
  q                        static access$1300(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  q                        public setDragListener(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DragListener)
  q                        private getChildHeight(int,android.view.View,boolean)
  r                        static access$500(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  s                        private adjustAllItems()
  s                        private static insertionIndexForKey(android.util.SparseBooleanArray,int)
  s                        public setDragEnabled(boolean)
  t                        private dropFloatView()
  t                        protected onDragTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  t                        static access$100(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  t                        public setDragScrollProfile(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DragScrollProfile)
  t                        private getChildHeight(int)
  t                        private continueDrag(int,int)
  u                        private calcItemHeight(int,android.view.View,boolean)
  u                        public moveItem(int,int)
  v                        public getInputAdapter()
  v                        private static buildRunList(android.util.SparseBooleanArray,int,int,int[],int[])
  v                        static access$2800(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView,int)
  v                        static access$3100(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView,int,int)
  w                        private invalidateFloatView()
  w                        static access$400(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  w                        public setMaxScrollSpeed(float)
  x                        private doRemoveItem()
  x                        public stopDragWithVelocity(boolean,float)
  x                        static access$1900(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  x                        public startDrag(int,android.view.View,int,int,int)
  y                        static access$3000(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView)
  y                        private doRemoveItem(int)
  z                        static access$302(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView,int)
  z                        static access$200(com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView,int,android.view.View,boolean)
  z                        public setDragScrollStarts(float,float)
  dispatchDraw             protected dispatchDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  layoutChildren           protected layoutChildren()
  onDraw                   protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInterceptTouchEvent    public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onMeasure                protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onSizeChanged            protected onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
  onTouchEvent             public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  requestLayout            public requestLayout()
  setAdapter               public volatile setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
  setAdapter               public setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$1
===============================================================================
  v    public getSpeed(float,long)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$2
===============================================================================
  t                private cancel()
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$AdapterWrapper  (com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$o)
===============================================================================
  z                    public getAdapter()
  areAllItemsEnabled   public areAllItemsEnabled()
  getCount             public getCount()
  getItem              public getItem(int)
  getItemId            public getItemId(int)
  getItemViewType      public getItemViewType(int)
  getView              public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getViewTypeCount     public getViewTypeCount()
  hasStableIds         public hasStableIds()
  isEmpty              public isEmpty()
  isEnabled            public isEnabled(int)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$AdapterWrapper$1        (com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$o$1)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$AdapterWrapper$NullPointerException     (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_nl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DragListener    (com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$c)
===============================================================================
  y    public abstract drag(int,int)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DragScrollProfile       (com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$q)
===============================================================================
  v    public abstract getSpeed(float,long)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DragScroller    (com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$s)
===============================================================================
  a    public startScrolling(int)
  e    public stopScrolling(boolean)
  q    public getScrollDir()
  w    public isScrolling()
  run  public run()

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DragSortListener        (com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DragSortTracker (com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$t)
===============================================================================
  eval_b   public appendState()
  j        public flush()
  s        public startTracking()
  t        public stopTracking()

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DropAnimator    (com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$i)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public onStart()
  f        public onStop()
  o        private getTargetY()
  v        public onUpdate(float,float)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$DropListener    (com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$x)
===============================================================================
  m    public abstract drop(int,int)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$FloatViewManager        (com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$u)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract onDestroyFloatView(android.view.View)
  eval_c   public abstract onDragFloatView(android.view.View,android.graphics.Point,android.graphics.Point)
  z        public abstract onCreateFloatView(int)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$HeightCache     (com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$h)
===============================================================================
  t    public get(int)
  u    public clear()
  v    public add(int,int)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$LiftAnimator    (com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$eval_r)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public onStart()
  v        public onUpdate(float,float)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$NullPointerException    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_uy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$RemoveAnimator  (com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$eval_t)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public onStart()
  f        public onStop()
  v        public onUpdate(float,float)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$RemoveListener  (com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$a)
===============================================================================
  q    public abstract remove(int)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$SmoothAnimator  (com.mobeta.android.dslv.DragSortListView$l)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public onStart()
  f        public onStop()
  q        public transform(float)
  v        public onUpdate(float,float)
  x        public start()
  y        public cancel()
  run      public run()

com.mobeta.android.dslv.ResourceDragSortCursorAdapter    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_zq)
===============================================================================
  a                public setViewResource(int)
  j                public setDropDownViewResource(int)
  newDropDownView  public newDropDownView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  newView          public newView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.ResourceDragSortCursorAdapter$IOException        (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_fd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.mobeta.android.dslv.SimpleDragSortCursorAdapter      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_dj)
===============================================================================
  c                public getCursorToStringConverter()
  c                public setViewText(android.widget.TextView,java.lang.String)
  g                public setViewImage(android.widget.ImageView,java.lang.String)
  h                public getViewBinder()
  i                private findColumns(android.database.Cursor,java.lang.String[])
  r                public getStringConversionColumn()
  t                public setViewBinder(com.mobeta.android.dslv.SimpleDragSortCursorAdapter$ViewBinder)
  v                public changeCursorAndColumns(android.database.Cursor,java.lang.String[],int[])
  v                public setCursorToStringConverter(com.mobeta.android.dslv.SimpleDragSortCursorAdapter$CursorToStringConverter)
  w                public setStringConversionColumn(int)
  bindView         public bindView(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor)
  convertToString  public convertToString(android.database.Cursor)
  swapCursor       public swapCursor(android.database.Cursor)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.SimpleDragSortCursorAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_xz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.mobeta.android.dslv.SimpleDragSortCursorAdapter$CursorToStringConverter      (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_dj$m)
===============================================================================
  o    public abstract convertToString(android.database.Cursor)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.SimpleDragSortCursorAdapter$ViewBinder   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_dj$x)
===============================================================================
  n    public abstract setViewValue(android.view.View,android.database.Cursor,int)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.SimpleFloatViewManager   (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_de)
===============================================================================
  b        public onDestroyFloatView(android.view.View)
  eval_c   public onDragFloatView(android.view.View,android.graphics.Point,android.graphics.Point)
  eval_l   public setBackgroundColor(int)
  z        public onCreateFloatView(int)

com.mobeta.android.dslv.SimpleFloatViewManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla.eval_sz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of Fields : 1734
  Renamed to eval_k :  45 (2.6%)
  Renamed to eval_s :  45 (2.6%)
  Renamed to eval__ :  43 (2.5%)
  Renamed to eval_b :  42 (2.4%)
  Renamed to eval_p :  42 (2.4%)
  Renamed to eval_u :  41 (2.4%)
  Renamed to eval_c :  40 (2.3%)
  Renamed to eval_m :  40 (2.3%)
  Renamed to eval_z :  40 (2.3%)
  Renamed to eval_l :  39 (2.2%)

Number of Methods : 1280
  Renamed to v :  47 (3.7%)
  Renamed to q :  45 (3.5%)
  Renamed to i :  40 (3.1%)
  Renamed to h :  39 (3.0%)
  Renamed to n :  36 (2.8%)
  Renamed to w :  36 (2.8%)
  Renamed to y :  34 (2.7%)
  Renamed to j :  33 (2.6%)
  Renamed to e :  32 (2.5%)
  Renamed to k :  32 (2.5%)

