New Name                         Original Name
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$y  abstract interface android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$DialogStyle
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.z  public final android.support.v4.BuildConfig
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__     public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a     public android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b     android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatIcs
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c     public android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatIcs$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d     android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleJellybeanMR2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e     public final android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f     android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompatKitKat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g     public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h     android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i     android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatHoneycomb
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j     public android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompat$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k     public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l     public android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m     public android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatJellyBeanMr2$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n     android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatJellyBeanMr2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o     public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p     public android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatJB$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q     public android.support.v4.BuildConfig$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r     public android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s     public android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t     public android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u     public android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleJellybeanMR2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v     android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w     public android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompatKitKat$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x     public android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y     android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatJB
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__0    public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__1    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderThread
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__2    public final android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__3    public com.google.zxing.client.android.DecodeHintManager$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__5    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi22$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__6    android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__7    public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__8    public android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval___    android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintDrawableWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__a    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__b    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.MainActivity$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__c    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__d    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__e    public android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__f    public final android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__g    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__h    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ContactFragment
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__i    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment$2$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__j    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintTypedArray
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__k    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__l    public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__n    android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatIcs
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__o    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeResult$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__p    android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatJB
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__q    final android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__s    public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__t    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatEclair$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__u    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationListener$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__v    public android.support.v4.util.LongSparseArray
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__w    public android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__x    android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawable
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__y    public android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__z    public com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentIntegrator
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a0    public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatGingerbread$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a2    public android.support.v4.app.ListFragment$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a3    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a4    public android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a5    public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a6    public android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a7    public android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a8    public android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a9    public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a_    android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_aa    public android.support.v4.app.BackStackState$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ab    public android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ac    public android.support.v4.app.Fragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ad    public android.support.v7.internal.VersionUtils$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_af    public android.support.v7.internal.app.NavItemSelectedListener$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ag    public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ah    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ai    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Size$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_aj    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ak    public android.support.v4.view.MenuCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_al    public android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_an    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatIcs
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ao    public android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ap    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintImageView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_aq    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_as    public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorContentParent
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_at    abstract android.support.v7.app.DrawerArrowDrawable
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_au    public android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_av    public android.support.v4.content.pm.ActivityInfoCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_aw    public android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ax    com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraThread
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ay    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_az    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.UrlFragment
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b0    public android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b1    final android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b2    public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatJellybeanMR2$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b3    public final android.support.v7.appcompat.BuildConfig
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b4    abstract android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b5    public android.support.v4.util.CircularArray$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b6    public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b7    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ContactFragment$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b8    android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatIceCreamSandwich
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b9    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeResult
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b_    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperFactory$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ba    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckBox
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bb    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bc    public android.support.v4.media.TransportController$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bd    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi22
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_be    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bf    public android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bg    android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bi    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bj    public android.support.v4.app.SuperNotCalledException$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bl    public final com.google.zxing.client.android.AmbientLightManager
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bm    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bo    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuItemView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bp    public android.support.v4.media.RatingCompatApi21$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bq    public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_br    android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatHoneycomb
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bs    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bt    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcsMr1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bv    android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatIcsMr1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bw    public android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bx    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_by    public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bz    public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c0    public android.support.v4.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c1    public android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c2    public android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c3    android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c4    public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatEclairMr1$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c5    public android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c6    public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c7    public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c8    public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorToolbar
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c9    public android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ca    public android.support.v4.provider.DocumentFile$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cb    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cc    public android.support.v7.internal.text.AllCapsTransformationMethod
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cd    public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ce    public android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cf    public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ch    public android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ci    android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cj    android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompatKitKat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ck    android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cl    public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cm    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_co    public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cp    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cq    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cr    android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatEclair
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ct    public android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompatIcs$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cu    public android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cv    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cw    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cx    public abstract interface android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cy    public android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatICS
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cz    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d0    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d1    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatHC
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d2    public android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d3    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.CompatTextView$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d4    public android.support.v4.util.TimeUtils$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d5    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.ViewfinderView$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d6    public android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d7    android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateHC
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d8    public android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d9    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d_    public android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_da    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SendEmailFragment
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_db    final android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dc    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dd    public android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_de    public android.support.v7.app.DrawerArrowDrawable$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_df    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dg    public android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dh    android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatJellybeanMR2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_di    public android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dj    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintResources$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dk    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorContentParent$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dl    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dm    public android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatIcs$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dn    android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi19
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_do    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ContentFrameLayout
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dp    public android.support.v4.util.SparseArrayCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dq    public android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dr    public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ds    public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatJellyBean$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_du    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseWrapper$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dv    public android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dw    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintMultiAutoCompleteTextView$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dx    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.RtlSpacingHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy    public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dz    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0    public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e1    public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e2    public final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e3    public android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e4    public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e5    android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatHoneycomb
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e6    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e7    public android.support.v4.content.pm.ActivityInfoCompat$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e8    public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e9    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SmsFragment$1$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e_    public abstract interface com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ea    public abstract android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_eb    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuDialogHelper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ec    public final com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraManager
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ed    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatIceCreamSandwich$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ee    android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2Stub
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ef    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_eg    android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatJellyBean
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_eh    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TextFragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ei    android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ej    public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ek    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ProductFragment$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_el    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuDialogHelper$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_em    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.UrlFragment$2$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_en    android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatIcs
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_eo    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Util
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ep    public android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_eq    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_er    public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_es    public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_et    android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatICS
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_eu    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ev    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ew    public android.support.v4.widget.ListViewAutoScrollHelper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ex    public com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.CameraConfigurationUtils$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ey    public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ez    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICS
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f0    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraSettings$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f2    public android.support.v7.internal.view.StandaloneActionMode$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f3    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorToolbar$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f4    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f5    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.BuildConfig$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f7    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f8    public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f9    public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f_    final android.support.v4.app.SuperNotCalledException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fa    public android.support.v4.content.FileProvider
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fb    public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fc    public abstract interface com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderFactory
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fe    public final com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.CameraConfigurationUtils
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fg    public android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompatApi21$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fh    public android.support.v7.view.CollapsibleActionView$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fi    public android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fj    public final com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fk    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fl    public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fm    public android.support.v4.util.CircularArray
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fn    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fo    public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fp    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fq    android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fr    public android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fs    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ft    public android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fv    public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICS$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fw    public android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fx    public android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fz    public android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g0    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g2    public android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g3    public android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g4    public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g5    public android.support.v4.app.NoSaveStateFrameLayout$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g6    public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g7    public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g8    public android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g9    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatExtras$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g_    public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga    public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gb    android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatKitKat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gc    public android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gd    public final android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperFactory
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ge    public android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gf    public android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gg    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.AboutFragment$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gh    public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2Stub$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gi    abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gj    public android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatHoneycomb$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gk    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TextFragment
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gm    public android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gn    android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_go    public android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gp    public android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompatKitKat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gq    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintDrawableWrapper$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gr    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Decoder$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gs    public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gt    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gu    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatGingerbread$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gv    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellyBean$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gw    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gx    public android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gy    public android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gz    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h0    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintButton
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h1    public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h2    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRadioButton$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h3    public android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h4    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h5    public android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatEclair$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h6    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckedTextView$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h7    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationCallback$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h8    public android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9    android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h_    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.WifiFragment
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ha    public abstract android.support.v4.media.TransportController
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hc    android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatKitKat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hd    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SendEmailFragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hf    public android.support.v4.app.BundleUtil$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hg    public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatExtras
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hh    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.DisplayConfiguration$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hi    public abstract android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hj    public abstract android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hk    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ResultFragment$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hl    public android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hm    android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ho    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hp    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CompoundBarcodeView$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hq    public android.support.v4.widget.BakedBezierInterpolator$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hr    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi22$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hs    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintEditText$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ht    public android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hu    public final android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hv    public android.support.v4.app.NavUtilsJB$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hx    android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hy    public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatJellybean$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hz    android.support.v4.provider.TreeDocumentFile
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i0    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i1    public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatGingerbread$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i2    public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatApi21$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i3    public android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i4    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5    public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i6    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatIcs$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i7    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i8    public android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i9    public android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i_    public android.support.v4.util.LruCache$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ia    public com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ib    public android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi21$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ic    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintButton$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_id    public abstract android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ie    public android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_if    public android.support.v4.util.LogWriter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ig    public android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ih    public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ii    public android.support.v4.content.CursorLoader$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ij    public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ik    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_il    public android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_im    public com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer$PowerStatusReceiver$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_io    final android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerJellybeanMr1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ip    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iq    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraSettings
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_is    public final com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentResult
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_it    public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatICS$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iu    public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatKitKat$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iv    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iw    android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ix    abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iy    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iz    public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j0    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j1    public android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j2    android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatKitKat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j3    public android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j4    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.Utility.History$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j5    public abstract android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j6    public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j7    public android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j8    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SendEmailFragment$1$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j9    public android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_    android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ja    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcsMr1$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jb    public android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jc    public android.support.v4.view.WindowCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jd    public android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_je    public android.support.v4.util.AtomicFile$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jf    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jg    android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawableV21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jh    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ji    public com.google.zxing.client.android.DecodeFormatManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jj    public android.support.v7.internal.view.StandaloneActionMode
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jk    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jl    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.IntroFragment$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jm    public android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jn    public android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jo    public android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jp    public android.support.v7.appcompat.BuildConfig$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jq    public final android.support.v4.util.Pools
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jr    public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_js    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jt    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.SettingsFragment
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ju    public android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jv    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatIcs$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jw    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jx    android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatFroyo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jy    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jz    android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatIcsMr1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k0    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k1    public android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k2    public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k3    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k4    public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k5    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k6    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k7    android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompatApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k8    public abstract interface android.support.v7.view.CollapsibleActionView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k9    android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k_    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeEncoder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ka    public android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kb    public android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ke    public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kf    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kg    public android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kh    abstract android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ki    public abstract com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ResultFragment
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kj    android.support.v7.internal.widget.DrawableWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kk    public abstract android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kl    public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_km    public android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kn    public android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ko    final android.support.v4.widget.BakedBezierInterpolator
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kp    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kq    public android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorCallback$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kr    public com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ks    public android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kt    public android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ku    public android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatICS$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kv    public android.support.v4.app.ServiceCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kw    public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kx    public android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kz    android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l0    public android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l1    public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l2    public android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l3    public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l4    public android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l5    public android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatIcs$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l6    public android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l7    android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatHC
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l8    public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9    public android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l_    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_la    public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lb    public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lc    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DefaultDecoderFactory
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ld    public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_le    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lf    final android.support.v4.app.BackStackState
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lg    public android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatICS$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lh    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_li    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lj    public android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatIcsMr1$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ll    android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lm    public android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln    public abstract android.support.v7.app.ActionBar
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lo    public android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lp    public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lq    public android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lr    public android.support.v7.internal.VersionUtils
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ls    public android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompatKitKat$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lu    public com.google.zxing.client.android.BuildConfig$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lv    public abstract interface android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lw    public android.support.v4.content.Loader
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lx    final android.support.v4.widget.SwipeProgressBar
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ly    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItem$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lz    public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m0    public abstract android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m2    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuItemView$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m3    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuPresenter$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m4    public com.google.zxing.client.android.BeepManager$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m5    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraThread$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m6    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m7    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m8    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m9    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m_    public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ma    android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mb    public abstract android.support.v4.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mc    android.support.v4.provider.RawDocumentFile
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_md    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_me    public android.support.v4.util.Pools$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mf    public android.support.v7.internal.view.ActionBarPolicy
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mg    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mh    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.Utility.History
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mi    public abstract interface com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ml    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.IntroFragment
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mn    public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mo    public android.support.v4.view.WindowCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mp    public android.support.v4.util.LogWriter$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mq    android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatIcs
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ms    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawable$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mv    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$3$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mx    abstract interface android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_my    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager$2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n0    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperICS$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n1    public android.support.v4.util.Pair
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n2    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$1$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n3    public android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n4    public android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n6    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n7    public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatL$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n9    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n_    public android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_na    android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nb    android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nc    public android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd    public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nf    android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatICS
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ng    android.support.v4.media.RatingCompatApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nh    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CompoundBarcodeView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nj    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nk    public android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nl    android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintResources
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nm    abstract android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nn    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRatingBar
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_no    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_np    public final com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nq    final android.support.v4.app.FragmentState
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nr    android.support.v7.internal.widget.ResourcesWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ns    public android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nt    public final android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nu    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintAutoCompleteTextView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nv    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ContentFrameLayout$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nw    android.support.v4.view.GravityCompatJellybeanMr1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nx    public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatHoneycomb$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ny    public android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nz    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.MyCaptureActivity$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o0    public android.support.v4.provider.SingleDocumentFile$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o2    android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatApi20
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o3    android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o4    public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o5    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o6    public android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o7    public android.support.v7.widget.WindowCallbackWrapper$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o8    android.support.v7.internal.app.NavItemSelectedListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o9    public android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o_    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.EmailFragment$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oa    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewUtils
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ob    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRatingBar$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oc    public com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.open.OpenCameraInterface$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_od    public android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_of    abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_og    android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatHoneycombMr1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oh    public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutImpl$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oi    public android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ok    public android.support.v4.widget.ListViewAutoScrollHelper$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ol    public android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_om    public android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_on    abstract android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oo    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ContactFragment$1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_op    public android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompatHoneycomb$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oq    android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatJellybean
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_or    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_os    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureActivity$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ot    public android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompat$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ou    public android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ov    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ow    android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ox    android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oy    public com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentResult$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oz    public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p0    public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p1    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p2    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.ScanFragment
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p3    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatJellyBean
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4    public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p5    android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatGingerbread
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6    public android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p7    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p8    public android.support.v4.util.LongSparseArray$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p9    android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompatHoneycomb
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p_    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pa    public android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pc    public android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pd    public android.support.v4.database.DatabaseUtilsCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pe    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.DrawableWrapper$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pf    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRadioButton
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pg    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatHoneycomb
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ph    public android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pi    public android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pj    public android.support.v7.widget.WindowCallbackWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pk    public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pl    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pm    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckedTextView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pn    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatJellyBean$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_po    public android.support.v4.provider.TreeDocumentFile$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pp    public android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pq    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pr    public final com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ps    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatIcs
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pt    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pu    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeView$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pv    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureActivity
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_px    public final com.google.zxing.client.android.DecodeHintManager
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_py    public android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatGingerbread$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pz    public android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q0    public android.support.v4.provider.RawDocumentFile$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q1    public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q2    public abstract interface com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.PreviewCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q3    public android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompatJellybeanMr1$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q5    public android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q6    public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q7    public android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q8    android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderHoneycomb
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q9    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q_    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qa    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qb    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintImageView$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qc    public android.support.v4.util.Pair$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qd    public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatKitKat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qe    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SmsFragment
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qg    android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatFroyo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qh    abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qi    public com.google.zxing.client.android.AmbientLightManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qk    public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompat$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ql    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi8$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qm    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintTypedArray$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qn    public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qo    public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qp    android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompatKitKat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qq    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qr    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qs    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qt    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellyBean
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qv    public android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qw    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuWrapper$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qx    public android.support.v4.app.FragmentState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qy    public android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qz    public android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r0    public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatIcs$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r2    public final android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r3    public android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r4    public android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r5    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r6    android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJellybeanMr2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r7    public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatHoneycombMR2$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r8    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r9    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.RtlSpacingHelper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r_    public android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ra    public android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rb    android.support.v4.util.ContainerHelpers
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rc    public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatFroyo$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rd    android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatIcs
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_re    public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rf    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.Utility.FragmentGenerator
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rg    public final com.google.zxing.client.android.DecodeFormatManager
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rh    public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ri    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rj    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Util$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rk    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintEditText
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rl    public android.support.v4.app.ServiceCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rm    public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rn    public android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ro    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TextFragment$1$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rp    public android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rq    public com.google.zxing.client.android.AmbientLightManager$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rr    public android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rs    public android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rt    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ru    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rv    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rw    android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rx    android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rz    public android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatEclair$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s0    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintAutoCompleteTextView$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s1    public abstract android.support.v4.provider.DocumentFile
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s2    public android.support.v4.view.MenuCompat$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s3    public android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s4    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s5    android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s6    public abstract android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s7    public android.support.v4.app.Fragment
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s9    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeEncoder$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s_    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatGingerbread
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sa    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sb    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.UrlFragment$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sc    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.WifiFragment$1$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sd    android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_se    public android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sf    public final android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sg    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.WifiFragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_si    android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sk    android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sl    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi22
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sm    android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompatHoneycomb
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sn    public android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_so    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sp    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.MyCaptureActivity
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sq    public android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sr    public android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ss    public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatJellybean$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_st    android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderJellybean
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_su    public android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sx    public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sy    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintSpinner
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz    android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t0    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJellybeanMr2$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t1    public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t2    android.support.v4.provider.SingleDocumentFile
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t3    public android.support.v4.widget.SwipeProgressBar$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t4    android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatHoneycomb
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t5    public android.support.v4.util.ContainerHelpers$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t6    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t7    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr2$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t8    android.support.v4.app.NoSaveStateFrameLayout
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t9    public android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t_    public android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ta    public android.support.v4.database.DatabaseUtilsCompat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tb    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcs
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tc    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_td    android.support.v4.app.BundleUtil
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_te    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tf    public android.support.v4.util.DebugUtils
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tg    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.CompatTextView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th    abstract android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ti    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.Utility.HistoryEntry
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tj    android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatHoneycombMR2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tk    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckBox$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tl    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tm    public android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tn    android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatL
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_to    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tp    public android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tq    public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tr    public android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ts    public abstract android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tt    public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tu    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tv    public android.support.v4.util.SparseArrayCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tw    public abstract interface android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tx    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJB
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ty    android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatEclair
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tz    public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u0    public android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u1    public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u2    public android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u3    public android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u4    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.SettingsFragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u5    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u6    public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable21$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u7    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u8    public android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u9    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeCallback$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u_    abstract android.support.v4.util.MapCollections
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua    public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ub    public android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatHoneycomb$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uc    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ud    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ProductFragment
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uf    public android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ug    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uh    public abstract android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ui    public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uj    public android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uk    public android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi19$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ul    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_um    public android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uo    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContainer$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_up    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uq    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ur    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.DisplayConfiguration
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_us    public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ut    public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uu    public android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uv    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.ScanFragment$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uw    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatGingerbread
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uy    android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatHoneycomb
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uz    public android.support.v4.content.CursorLoader
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0    public android.support.v7.widget.SearchView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v1    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.PreviewCallback$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v2    android.support.v4.app.NavUtilsJB
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v3    public android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v5    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v6    public android.support.v4.content.Loader$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v7    android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuWrapperICS
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v9    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawableV21$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v_    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TelFragment$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_va    public android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vc    public android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vd    public final com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.ViewfinderView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ve    public android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vf    android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatEclairMr1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vg    public android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatKitKat$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vh    public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vi    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintMultiAutoCompleteTextView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vj    public android.support.v7.internal.view.ActionBarPolicy$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vl    public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vm    public android.support.v4.util.LruCache
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vn    android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vo    android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vp    public android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vq    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderResultPointCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vr    public android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vs    public android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vt    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ProductFragment$2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vu    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.EmailFragment$1$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vv    public abstract android.support.v7.view.ActionMode
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vw    android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatHoneycomb
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vx    android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vy    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItem
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w0    android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w1    public android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICS$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w2    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.SourceData
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w3    public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.BuildConfig
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w4    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderFactory$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w5    public android.support.v7.internal.transition.ActionBarTransition$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w6    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TelFragment$1$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w7    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w8    public abstract interface android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w9    public android.support.v7.internal.text.AllCapsTransformationMethod$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w_    public android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wa    public android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wb    public android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderHoneycomb$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wc    public android.support.v4.view.GravityCompatJellybeanMr1$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wd    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContainer
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_we    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewUtils$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wf    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wg    android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatEclair
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wh    public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wi    public android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatFroyo$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wj    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wk    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wl    public android.support.v4.util.TimeUtils
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wm    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wn    public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wp    public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateHC$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wq    public android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wr    public android.support.v4.util.DebugUtils$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ws    android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompatKitKat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wt    public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wu    android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv    public android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ww    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wx    android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wy    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DefaultDecoderFactory$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wz    android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperICS
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x0    android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x1    public com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentIntegrator$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x2    android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x3    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderThread$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x4    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x6    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x7    public android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x8    public android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatIcsMr1$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x9    public android.support.v4.util.AtomicFile
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x_    public abstract android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xb    public abstract android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xc    android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xd    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuWrapperICS$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xe    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ResourcesWrapper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xf    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.Utility.FragmentGenerator$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xg    public android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatKitKat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xh    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Decoder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xi    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xj    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xk    public android.support.v4.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xl    android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xm    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xn    public android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xo    android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xp    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SmsFragment$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xq    public abstract interface android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xr    android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xs    public android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xt    public abstract android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuPresenter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xu    android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatKitKat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xv    public final com.google.zxing.client.android.BuildConfig
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xw    public android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xx    public android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xy    public android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xz    android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompatIcs
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y0    public android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y3    public android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y4    public android.support.v4.media.TransportPerformer$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y5    public android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y6    public android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y7    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.SourceData$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y8    public abstract android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y_    public final android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ya    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yb    public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatHoneycomb$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yc    public android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yd    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ye    public android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yf    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListenerAdapter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yg    public android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yh    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.Utility.HistoryEntry$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yi    public final com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.open.OpenCameraInterface
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yj    android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatJellybean
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yk    android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompatJellybeanMr1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yl    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Size
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ym    public com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderResultPointCallback$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yn    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.EmailFragment
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yo    public android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi21$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yp    public android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerJellybeanMr1$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yq    public android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yr    public android.support.v7.internal.transition.ActionBarTransition
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ys    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintSpinner$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yt    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.AboutFragment
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yv    public android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yw    public android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yx    public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi8
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yz    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z0    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z2    android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICS
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z3    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z4    public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatHoneycombMr1$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z6    public android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderJellybean$IOException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z7    public android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z9    public android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za    public abstract android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zb    android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zc    public android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zd    public android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ze    public android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListenerAdapter$Exception
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zf    public android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zh    public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TelFragment
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zi    android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatGingerbread
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zj    public android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zk    public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zl    public abstract android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zm    public final android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zn    public com.google.zxing.client.android.BeepManager$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zo    public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zp    public android.support.v4.app.NavUtils
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq    public final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zr    public android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$ParseException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zt    public android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatApi20$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zv    public final com.google.zxing.client.android.BeepManager
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zw    public android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zx    public abstract android.support.v4.media.TransportPerformer
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zy    android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zz    public android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompatKitKat$NullPointerException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a$p   android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$ActivityOptionsImpl21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a$r   android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$ActivityOptionsImplJB
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h$p   android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallbackImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h$z   public abstract android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k$b   android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$SharedElementCallback21Impl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t$_   abstract interface android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t$b   android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoJellyBeanMr2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t$g   android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoIcsImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t$o   android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoStubImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v$o   android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x$1   android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x$_   public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Delegate
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x$c   android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x$e   android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplHC
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x$g   public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DelegateProvider
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x$s   android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplJellybeanMR2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x$z   abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__1$1  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderThread$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__1$2  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderThread$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__2$1  final android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__2$d  public final android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$Builder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__6$q  public android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs$MySearchView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__a$1  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__c$1  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeView$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__c$j  final com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeView$DecodeMode
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__d$1  final android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__d$e  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__f$1  android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__h$1  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ContactFragment$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__q$1  android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__q$2  android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__q$3  android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__q$a  public android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__q$p  final android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$Op
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$1  android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$d  android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$JBViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$g  android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$JBMr2ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$j  android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$n  android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$v  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$x  android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$KitKatViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a5$j  public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a9$o  public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a_$v  android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ab$1  android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ab$2  android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ab$v  final android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$NonConfigurationInstances
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_au$1  final android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_az$1  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.UrlFragment$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_az$2  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.UrlFragment$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b0$c  android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$InflatedOnMenuItemClickListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b0$w  android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$MenuState
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b1$1  android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b1$2  android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b1$3  android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b1$4  android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$4
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b1$5  android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$5
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b1$j  android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$FragmentTag
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b4$1  android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b4$c  public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$VisibilityAnimListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b6$j  android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$KitKatDrawableImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b6$n  android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$LDrawableImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b6$o  android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$BaseDrawableImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b6$q  android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$HoneycombDrawableImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b6$r  abstract interface android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$DrawableImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bb$e  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bb$j  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bb$k  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderStubImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bb$o  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bg$1  final android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bi$o  public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20$Builder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bl$1  com.google.zxing.client.android.AmbientLightManager$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bm$p  public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean$Builder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bx$_  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$CallbackProxy
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bx$u  public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$TransportControls
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bx$w  public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Callback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bx$y  public android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$PlaybackInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bz$v  android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat$CompatCreator
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c1$i  public android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21$Builder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c3$l  android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView$OvalShadow
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ci$1  final android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ci$c  public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$AccessibilityDelegateBridge
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ck$_  public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$Callback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ck$f  public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$IsConnectingWorkaround
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ck$g  android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$CallbackProxy
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ck$k  public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$ActiveScanWorkaround
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ck$v  public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$RouteInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cw$t  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18$OnPlaybackPositionUpdateListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d0$k  public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout$OnActionModeForChildListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d2$1  android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d2$_  android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$IcsTrafficStatsCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d2$r  android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d2$w  abstract interface android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$TrafficStatsCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d6$1  android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d6$2  android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d6$j  final android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$ActionMenuPresenterCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d6$n  final android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$MenuBuilderCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d6$r  final android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$PanelMenuPresenterCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d6$y  android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$ToolbarCallbackWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d9$1  final android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d9$e  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_da$1  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SendEmailFragment$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_db$1  final android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_di$e  android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplIcsMr1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_di$f  android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_di$o  android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplHC
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_di$p  abstract interface android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dl$e  public abstract android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dl$f  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerStubImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dl$p  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dl$s  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$f  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ImportantForAccessibility
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$g  android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$BaseViewCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$j  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$AccessibilityLiveRegion
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$n  android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$KitKatViewCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$p  android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$EclairMr1ViewCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$q  android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ICSViewCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$r  android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$HCViewCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$s  android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JbMr1ViewCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$u  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$LayoutDirectionMode
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$v  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ViewCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$w  android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$Api21ViewCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$1  android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$_  android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionButtonSubmenu
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$a  android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$b  android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OpenOverflowRunnable
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$e  android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$PopupPresenterCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$l  android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$s  android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionMenuPopupCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$w  android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowPopup
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e2$1  final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e2$f  public final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$Builder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e2$o  public final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e4$w  public abstract android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ec$j  final com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraManager$CameraPreviewCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ef$1  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ef$2  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ef$3  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ef$4  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$4
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ef$5  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$5
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ei$1  final android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ei$2  final android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ei$g  abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnQueryTextListenerCompatBridge
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ei$t  abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnCloseListenerCompatBridge
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ep$1  android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_eu$t  public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ev$v  public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14$Callback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fa$r  abstract interface android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$PathStrategy
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fj$b  public final com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents$Scan
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fl$h  android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory$DefaultRoundedBitmapDrawable
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fq$t  abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter$CursorFilterClient
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g4$f  public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentReader
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g4$g  android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplJB
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g4$h  android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplICS
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g4$i  abstract interface android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g4$j  android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g4$p  public android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g_$_  public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$BackStackEntry
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g_$m  public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$a  android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$c  android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$d  android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$AccessibilityDelegate
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$f  public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$g  abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LockMode
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$i  android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImplApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$n  public abstract android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SimpleDrawerListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$o  public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$r  abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$State
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$s  final android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ChildAccessibilityDelegate
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$u  abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$EdgeGravity
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$w  abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ge$a  android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$HoneycombKeyEventVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ge$q  android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$BaseKeyEventVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ge$r  android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$EclairKeyEventVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gk$1  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TextFragment$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gs$n  public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gt$i  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19$OnMetadataUpdateListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h4$1  final android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$_  public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$UserRouteInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$c  public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$GetDefaultRouteWorkaround
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$h  public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteGroup
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$i  public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$SelectRouteWorkaround
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$r  public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$Callback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$u  public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$v  public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$VolumeCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$x  android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$VolumeCallbackProxy
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h_$1  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.WifiFragment$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hi$1  android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hi$n  android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$MyDataSetObserver
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hi$p  android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$ChangeObserver
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hu$1  android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hu$t  public final android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$Builder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hu$x  android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$DirectionalityEstimator
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i0$l  public abstract android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i0$m  public abstract android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$_  public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$menu
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$a  public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$style
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$c  public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$anim
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$d  public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$styleable
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$g  public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$mipmap
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$j  public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$color
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$m  public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$attr
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$n  public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$array
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$o  public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$raw
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$p  public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$dimen
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$r  public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$bool
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$s  public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$id
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$x  public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$string
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i8$a  public android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper$CallbackWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_id$e  public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$VisibilityListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_id$r  public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$SubUiVisibilityListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ie$1  android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ie$g  public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$OnShareTargetSelectedListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ie$p  android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$ShareMenuItemOnMenuItemClickListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ie$w  android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$ShareActivityChooserModelPolicy
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ip$1  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ip$2  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ip$3  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ip$4  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$4
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ip$5  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$5
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ip$6  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$6
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iw$_  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$CallbackProxy
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iw$e  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$QueueItem
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iw$j  public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$Callback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j0$_  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$RangeInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j0$d  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$CollectionItemInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j0$p  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$CollectionInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j5$1  android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j5$i  android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$NotificationSideChannelStub
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$1  android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$2  android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$3  android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$4  android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$4
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$e  final android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelMenuPresenterCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$g  final android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ActionMenuPresenterCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$h  final android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$m  android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ActionModeCallbackWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$q  android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ListMenuDecorView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jb$_  android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jb$e  android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImplJellybeanMr1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jb$v  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jd$j  android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$BasePopupMenuImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jd$o  android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$KitKatPopupMenuImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jk$w  public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21$Builder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jn$1  final android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jn$2  android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jn$h  public abstract android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$Callback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jq$b  public android.support.v4.util.Pools$SynchronizedPool
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jq$q  public android.support.v4.util.Pools$SimplePool
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jq$t  public abstract interface android.support.v4.util.Pools$Pool
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jr$b  abstract interface android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$BitmapImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jr$e  android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$HcMr1BitmapCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jr$n  android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$KitKatBitmapCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jr$o  android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$BaseBitmapImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jt$1  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.SettingsFragment$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k6$1  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k6$2  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k6$c  public com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment$HistoryViewElement
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k9$h  public android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21$Builder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ke$1  android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ke$_  public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$ActionMenuChildView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ke$b  public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ke$g  android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$MenuBuilderCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ke$s  public android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$LayoutParams
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ke$v  android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$ActionMenuPresenterCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kh$e  android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$RecycleBin
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kh$q  android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ki$1  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ResultFragment$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kk$g  android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$JellybeanMr1Impl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kk$p  android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$LegacyImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kw$h  public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kx$1  android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kx$i  public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnMenuItemClickListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kx$q  public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnDismissListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kz$1  final android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l3$1  final android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l3$d  abstract interface android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Impl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l3$j  android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplApi20
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l3$k  android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplJellybean
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l3$p  public final android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Builder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l3$r  android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$1  android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$2  android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$3  android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$4  android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$4
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$5  android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$5
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$6  android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$6
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$7  android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$7
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$8  android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$8
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$k  public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lf$1  final android.support.v4.app.BackStackState$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk$1  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk$f  public final android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$HistoricalRecord
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk$k  public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityChooserModelClient
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk$o  public final android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityResolveInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk$y  public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivitySorter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ll$u  android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB$ActionProviderWrapperJB
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln$a  public abstract android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln$i  abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Callback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln$n  public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$TabListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln$p  public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$NavigationMode
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln$t  public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln$u  public android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln$v  public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln$x  public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$DisplayOptions
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lq$h  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$MotionEventVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lq$u  android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$BaseMotionEventVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lq$v  android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$EclairMotionEventVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lw$g  public final android.support.v4.content.Loader$ForceLoadContentObserver
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lw$l  public abstract interface android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCompleteListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lz$_  android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatApi21Impl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lz$l  android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatIcsImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lz$p  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lz$q  android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatHCImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lz$v  android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatStubImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m8$c  android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$CollapsibleActionViewWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m8$k  android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$ActionProviderWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m8$p  android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$OnActionExpandListenerWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ml$1  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.IntroFragment$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mn$a  public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$DividerMode
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mn$d  public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$OrientationMode
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mn$r  public android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$LayoutParams
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$a  abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Impl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$d  android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplIceCreamSandwich
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$f  abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$h  android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$CancelTask
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$i  android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$NotifyTask
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$s  android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ServiceConnectedEvent
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$t  android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$y  android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$z  android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplEclair
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$1  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$_  public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionItemInfoCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$b  public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$RangeInfoCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$c  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$j  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoApi22Impl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$p  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$v  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoIcsImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$x  public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityActionCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$z  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoApi21Impl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n4$l  android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplHoneycomb
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n4$o  android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplJellybean
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n4$t  public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$SupportParentable
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n4$u  android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$1  android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$c  public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$e  public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BigTextStyle
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$g  public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$InboxStyle
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$h  public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BigPictureStyle
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$j  android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$m  abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$n  public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$p  public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$WearableExtender
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$q  public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$r  public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Extender
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$t  public abstract android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$w  android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplHoneycomb
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$y  android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplApi20
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n6$1  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n6$2  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n6$3  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n6$4  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$4
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n6$a  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$ActivityChooserViewAdapter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n6$f  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$Callbacks
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n6$s  public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nc$h  android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplIcs
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nc$k  android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nc$y  abstract interface android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$1  android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$b  android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$DragHelperCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$e  android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$DisableLayerRunnable
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$g  android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$h  abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$j  public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$n  public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SimplePanelSlideListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$p  android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$AccessibilityDelegate
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$z  public android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$LayoutParams
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nh$l  public abstract interface com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CompoundBarcodeView$TorchListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nh$z  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CompoundBarcodeView$WrappedCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_np$1  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_np$2  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nq$1  final android.support.v4.app.FragmentState$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nt$1  final android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ny$d  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ny$f  android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatStubImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ny$w  android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatICSImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o3$q  android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$OnActionExpandListenerWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o3$y  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$SupportActionExpandProxy
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oi$1  android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oi$m  android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$ReceiverRecord
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oi$r  android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$BroadcastRecord
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_on$1  android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_on$b  android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$ActionBarDrawableToggleImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ow$f  final android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter$ChildViewCache
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ox$1  final android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ox$i  public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityDelegateBridgeJellyBean
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p2$1  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.ScanFragment$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p2$2  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.ScanFragment$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$1  android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$c  android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DrawerArrowDrawableToggle
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$h  abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DrawerToggle
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$k  abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$TmpDelegateProvider
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$l  public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Delegate
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$n  android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DummyDelegate
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$p  public abstract interface android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DelegateProvider
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$q  android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ToolbarCompatDelegate
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$s  android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$HoneycombDelegate
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$v  android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$JellybeanMr2Delegate
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$1  android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$2  android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$3  android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$d  android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupTouchInterceptor
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$j  android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupScrollListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$l  android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupDataSetObserver
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$o  android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ResizePopupRunnable
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$q  android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ListSelectorHider
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$s  public abstract android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$u  android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$DropDownListView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p7$b  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordIcsImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p7$j  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p7$m  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordIcsMr1Impl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p7$u  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordJellyBeanImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pa$b  android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$BaseEdgeEffectImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pa$k  abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pa$s  android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectIcsImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pi$f  android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pi$h  android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplJellybeanMr2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pi$v  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pr$1  com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pr$v  final com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer$PowerStatusReceiver
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pt$1  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pt$2  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pt$3  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pt$4  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$4
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pt$w  public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pt$x  public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$LayoutParams
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pz$1  android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pz$k  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$ScaleGestureDetectorImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pz$q  android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$BaseScaleGestureDetectorImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pz$r  android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q5$b  public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q5$d  android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$BaseMenuVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q5$g  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$MenuVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q5$m  android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q5$n  android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$HoneycombMenuVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q7$j  android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$FroyoViewConfigurationVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q7$k  android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$HoneycombViewConfigurationVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q7$o  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$ViewConfigurationVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q7$u  android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$IcsViewConfigurationVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q7$y  android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$BaseViewConfigurationVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qe$1  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SmsFragment$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qs$1  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qs$b  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabAdapter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qs$y  public android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$VisibilityAnimListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qs$z  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabClickListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r2$j  public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r3$1  android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r3$2  android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r8$t  android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$MenuAdapter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rp$1  android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rp$2  android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rs$c  android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImplJbMr1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rs$i  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rs$p  android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rx$1  android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rx$2  android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rx$3  android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rx$4  android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$4
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s5$p  android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs$SingleLineAllCapsTransform
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s6$1  android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s6$c  public abstract android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$Callback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s7$1  android.support.v4.app.Fragment$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s7$f  public android.support.v4.app.Fragment$InstantiationException
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s7$w  public android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_si$1  final android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_si$b  public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$Delegate
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sk$1  android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sk$2  android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sk$t  public abstract interface android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$OnPrintFinishCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sn$c  android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$HoneycombVelocityTrackerVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sn$j  android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$BaseVelocityTrackerVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sn$v  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$VelocityTrackerVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sr$n  public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$ViewBinder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sr$y  public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$CursorToStringConverter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$1  android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$2  android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$b  abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SpinnerPopup
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$c  android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$n  android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$p  android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropDownAdapter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$s  android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DialogPopup
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t_$1  android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t_$f  android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicLocale
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t_$j  android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$AnyStrong
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t_$o  abstract interface android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionAlgorithm
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t_$p  android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$FirstStrong
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t_$w  android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicInternal
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th$1  final android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th$2  android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th$3  android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th$4  android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$4
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th$_  abstract android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$WorkerRunnable
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th$h  android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$AsyncTaskResult
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th$i  android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$InternalHandler
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th$w  public final android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tl$h  public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tl$y  public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tm$g  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tm$j  android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateStubImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tm$n  android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tm$w  android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_to$1  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_to$2  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_to$3  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_to$4  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$4
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_to$h  public abstract interface com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$StateListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tu$1  final android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tu$w  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerBridge
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u3$1  android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u3$2  android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u3$3  android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u3$i  public android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$ActionModeImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u3$u  public android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$TabImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u8$c  abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$PopupWindowImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u8$n  android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$KitKatPopupWindowImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u8$p  android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$BasePopupWindowImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u_$g  final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$ValuesCollection
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u_$j  final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$EntrySet
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u_$o  final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$ArrayIterator
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u_$q  final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$KeySet
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u_$t  final android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$MapIterator
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua$c  android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatIcsImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua$m  public abstract android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua$v  public abstract android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uc$1  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uc$2  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uc$3  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ud$1  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ProductFragment$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ud$2  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ProductFragment$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uh$m  abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction$Transit
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_up$s  android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager$ColorFilterLruCache
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ur$1  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.DisplayConfiguration$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$1  android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$2  android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$3  android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$4  android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$4
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$5  android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$5
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$6  android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$6
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$7  android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$7
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$8  android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$8
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$9  android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$9
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$a  public android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$b  public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$e  public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$h  public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$v  android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$AutoCompleteTextViewReflector
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vd$1  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.ViewfinderView$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ve$b  android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$KitKatListPopupWindowImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ve$i  abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$ListPopupWindowImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ve$q  android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$BaseListPopupWindowImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vn$1  final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vn$2  final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vn$3  final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vn$4  final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$4
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vn$_  public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$ViewRetriever
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vn$t  public android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$EpicenterView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vo$s  final android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vr$1  android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vv$w  public abstract interface android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vx$1  final android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$1  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$_  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$e  final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$h  public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$q  public abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$OnActiveChangeListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$r  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$t  public final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$x  abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$y  public final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wq$1  android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wq$2  android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wt$1  android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wt$b  android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$DummyTabFactory
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wt$l  final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wt$z  android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wu$e  android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21$InsetsListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv$1  android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv$2  android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv$3  android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv$_  android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$ExpandedActionViewMenuPresenter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv$j  public android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$LayoutParams
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv$m  public abstract interface android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wx$1  final android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wx$2  final android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wx$q  abstract interface android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$UtteranceProgressListenerICSMR1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x2$n  public abstract android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x_$1  android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x_$e  android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ScrollAnimationRunnable
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x_$w  android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ClampedScroller
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xb$i  final android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xj$1  com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationListener$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xl$_  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$CollectionItemInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xm$m  android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter$MenuAdapter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xr$c  public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat$Builder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xs$1  android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y8$1  android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y8$d  android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$ExploreByTouchNodeProvider
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y_$1  final android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y_$g  public final android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$Builder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ya$q  android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat$GateKeeperDrawable
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yc$d  android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$ActionMenuItemForwardingListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ye$1  android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ye$i  android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PageListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ye$l  android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImplIcs
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ye$y  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ye$z  android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yn$1  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.EmailFragment$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z0$a  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z0$i  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventStubImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z0$u  android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventIcsImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$1  final android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$2  final android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$3  android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$_  android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$e  public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SimpleOnPageChangeListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$h  public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PageTransformer
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$k  public abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$m  abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$Decor
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$r  public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$LayoutParams
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$w  android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$MyAccessibilityDelegate
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$x  android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PagerObserver
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$y  public android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za$1  android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za$b  public android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$AdapterContextMenuInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za$d  android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$SelectionNotifier
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za$e  public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemLongClickListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za$f  public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za$k  public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemSelectedListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za$u  android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$AdapterDataSetObserver
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zb$1  android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zb$2  android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zb$3  android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zb$m  android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$StartCurveInterpolator
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zb$q  android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$EndCurveInterpolator
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zb$r  android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zb$u  public abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$ProgressDrawableSize
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zh$1  com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TelFragment$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zj$e  android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplIcs
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zj$h  abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zj$i  android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplGingerbread
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zj$z  android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zl$s  public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zm$1  android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zm$c  abstract interface android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zm$g  final android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperStubImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zm$j  final android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zm$s  public abstract interface android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zp$f  android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImplJB
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zp$l  abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zp$z  android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$1  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$b  abstract interface android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$d  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControlsBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$h  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$p  public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControls
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$r  public abstract android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$u  android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$y  public final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$PlaybackInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zw$i  android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$BaseConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zw$k  android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$JellyBeanConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zw$o  abstract interface android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$ConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zw$t  android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$HoneycombMR2ConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zw$y  android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$GingerbreadConnectivityManagerCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zy$n  public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$RouteInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zy$q  public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$UserRouteInfo
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$10 android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$10
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$11 android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$11
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$12 android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$12
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__h$1$1        com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ContactFragment$1$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$j$x        android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$Starter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$n$o        android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$MyVpaListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_az$2$1        com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.UrlFragment$2$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bb$e$1        android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bb$j$1        android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d2$r$1        android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d2$r$a        android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$SocketTags
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_da$1$1        com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SendEmailFragment$1$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dl$s$1        android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$a$1        final android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$l$1        android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e2$o$1        final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e2$o$a        public final android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$Builder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e4$w$e        android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub$Proxy
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ef$1$1        com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$1$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_eu$t$m        android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub$Proxy
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$c$1        android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$f$1        final android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gk$1$1        com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TextFragment$1$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h_$1$1        com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.WifiFragment$1$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i0$l$e        public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i0$m$t        public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$h$c        android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k6$2$1        com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment$2$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k6$2$2        com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment$2$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k6$2$3        com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment$2$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kh$q$1        final android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kw$h$p        android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub$Proxy
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$y$b        android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$c$1        final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$c$h        public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$WearableExtender
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$c$m        public final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Builder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$c$w        public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Extender
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$n$s        public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$g$1        final android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_np$2$1        com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager$2$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$s$l        android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$TriggerLongPress
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$s$p        android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$DisallowIntercept
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pi$f$h        android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase$GestureHandler
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pr$v$1        com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer$PowerStatusReceiver$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q5$m$1        android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qe$1$1        com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SmsFragment$1$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s7$w$1        final android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sk$2$1        android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$c$1        final android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$n$1        android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$n$2        android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$n$3        android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$3
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tm$n$1        android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tm$w$1        android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_to$3$1        com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$3$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ud$2$1        com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ProductFragment$2$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$_$1        android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$_$2        android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$_$g        final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$Command
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$_$r        android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$MessageHandler
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$_$w        android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$MediaSessionStub
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$e$1        final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$h$_        android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$StubApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$t$1        final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$y$1        final android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wt$z$1        final android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x2$n$f        public abstract interface android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yn$1$1        com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.EmailFragment$1$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$y$1        final android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zh$1$1        com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TelFragment$1$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zm$j$1        android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zm$j$2        android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$r$c        android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$StubApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$r$l        android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$StubCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$r$v        android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$MessageHandler
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$h$c$1      final android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$n$s$1      final android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$n$s$o      public android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$Builder
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sk$2$1$1      android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x$eval_x      android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$SlideDrawable
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.MainActivity$v     com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.MainActivity$DrawerItemClickListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$eval_g     android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JBViewCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$eval_i     abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$LayerType
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$eval_n     android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$GBViewCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$eval_s     abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$OverScroll
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$eval_v     abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ResolvedLayoutDirectionMode
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fa$eval_i     android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$SimplePathStrategy
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$eval_b     public android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LayoutParams
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ge$eval__     abstract interface android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$KeyEventVersionImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$eval_a     android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$CallbackProxy
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$eval_h     public final android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteCategory
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$eval_f     public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$layout
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$eval_j     public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$xml
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$eval_m     public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$drawable
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$eval_x     public final com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$integer
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jd$eval_d     abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$PopupMenuImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jr$eval_y     android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$JbMr2BitmapCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk$eval__     final android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$PersistHistoryAsyncTask
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk$eval_o     final android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$DefaultSorter
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk$eval_z     public abstract interface android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$OnChooseActivityListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lz$eval_t     android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2Impl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m8$eval_k     android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$OnMenuItemClickListenerWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$eval_f     android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoKitKatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$eval_l     android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoStubImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$eval_u     public android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionInfoCompat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$eval_y     android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanMr2Impl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n4$eval_e     abstract interface android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$eval_b     android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplIceCreamSandwich
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$eval_h     android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplGingerbread
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$eval_o     android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplKitKat
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$eval_s     android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplJellybean
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$eval_t     android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$eval_d     android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplJB
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$eval_f     android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplJBMR1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$eval_q     android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplBase
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p7$eval_z     android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordStubImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qs$eval_n     android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabView
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t_$eval_r     abstract android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua$eval_d     abstract interface android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua$eval_s     android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatStubImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua$eval_u     android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv$eval_h     android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yc$eval_h     public abstract android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$eval_d     android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ViewPositionComparator
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$eval_y     abstract interface android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za$eval_o     android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListenerWrapper
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$eval_x     android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControlsApi21
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua$eval_u$1   android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$1
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua$eval_u$2   android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$2
com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv$eval_h$1   final android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState$1
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

android.support.v4.BuildConfig   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.z)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.BuildConfig$NullPointerException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t)
===============================================================================
  b        public static getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  c        public static getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  e        public static getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  eval_e   public static flagToString(int)
  i        public static getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  n        public static getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  w        public static getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  w        public static capabilityToString(int)
  y        public static feedbackTypeToString(int)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoIcsImpl   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t$g)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  eval_o   public getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  f        public getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  u        public getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  w        public getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  z        public getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoJellyBeanMr2      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t$b)
===============================================================================
  z    public getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoStubImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t$o)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  eval_o   public getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  f        public getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  u        public getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  w        public getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  z        public getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$AccessibilityServiceInfoVersionImpl       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t$_)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public abstract getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  eval_o   public abstract getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  f        public abstract getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  u        public abstract getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  w        public abstract getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  z        public abstract getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompat$NullPointerException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatIcs        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public static getId(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  f        public static getResolveInfo(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  m        public static getDescription(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  n        public static getCanRetrieveWindowContent(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)
  x        public static getSettingsActivityName(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatIcs$IOException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatJellyBeanMr2       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n)
===============================================================================
  j    public static getCapabilities(android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfo)

android.support.v4.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityServiceInfoCompatJellyBeanMr2$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x)
===============================================================================
  b        getThemeUpIndicator()
  b        private static assumeMaterial(android.content.Context)
  b        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  b        public setDrawerIndicatorEnabled(boolean)
  eval_p   setActionBarDescription(int)
  i        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  j        public syncState()
  k        public onDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)
  l        public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  l        public onDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  n        public isDrawerIndicatorEnabled()
  s        setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  u        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  x        public onDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  y        static access$400(android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle)
  y        public onDrawerStateChanged(int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImpl   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x$z)
===============================================================================
  r    public abstract setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)
  s    public abstract getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  z    public abstract setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplBase       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x$c)
===============================================================================
  r    public setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)
  s    public getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  z    public setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplHC (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x$e)
===============================================================================
  r    public setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)
  s    public getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  z    public setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ActionBarDrawerToggleImplJellybeanMR2       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x$s)
===============================================================================
  r    public setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)
  s    public getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  z    public setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Delegate    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x$_)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract getThemeUpIndicator()
  o    public abstract setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  p    public abstract setActionBarDescription(int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DelegateProvider    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x$g)
===============================================================================
  eval_j   public abstract getDrawerToggleDelegate()

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$SlideDrawable       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x$eval_x)
===============================================================================
  j    public getPosition()
  x    public setOffset(float)
  y    public setPosition(float)
  draw public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v)
===============================================================================
  i    public static getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  t    public static setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  z    public static setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v$o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleJellybeanMR2 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d)
===============================================================================
  e    public static getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)
  f    public static setActionBarUpIndicator(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  t    public static setActionBarDescription(java.lang.Object,android.app.Activity,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleJellybeanMR2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k)
===============================================================================
  f    public static invalidateOptionsMenu(android.app.Activity)
  g    public static startActivity(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  g    public static setExitSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  h    public static startActivityForResult(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent,int,android.os.Bundle)
  j    public static finishAfterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  k    private static createCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  m    public static postponeEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  p    public static startPostponedEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  p    public static setEnterSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  z    public static finishAffinity(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$ParseException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat$SharedElementCallback21Impl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k$b)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public onRejectSharedElements(java.util.List)
  k        public onMapSharedElements(java.util.List,java.util.Map)
  p        public onCreateSnapshotView(android.content.Context,android.os.Parcelable)
  p        public onSharedElementEnd(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  w        public onSharedElementStart(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  y        public onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot(android.view.View,android.graphics.Matrix,android.graphics.RectF)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h)
===============================================================================
  i    public static finishAfterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  j    public static postponeEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  j    public static setExitSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21)
  n    public static startPostponedEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
  r    public static setEnterSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21)
  w    private static createCallback(android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$Exception        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallback21  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h$z)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public abstract onRejectSharedElements(java.util.List)
  k        public abstract onMapSharedElements(java.util.List,java.util.Map)
  p        public abstract onCreateSnapshotView(android.content.Context,android.os.Parcelable)
  p        public abstract onSharedElementEnd(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  w        public abstract onSharedElementStart(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  y        public abstract onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot(android.view.View,android.graphics.Matrix,android.graphics.RectF)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompat21$SharedElementCallbackImpl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h$p)
===============================================================================
  onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot   public onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot(android.view.View,android.graphics.Matrix,android.graphics.RectF)
  onCreateSnapshotView             public onCreateSnapshotView(android.content.Context,android.os.Parcelable)
  onMapSharedElements              public onMapSharedElements(java.util.List,java.util.Map)
  onRejectSharedElements           public onRejectSharedElements(java.util.List)
  onSharedElementEnd               public onSharedElementEnd(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  onSharedElementStart             public onSharedElementStart(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatHoneycomb   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i)
===============================================================================
  d    static invalidateOptionsMenu(android.app.Activity)
  p    static dump(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatJB  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y)
===============================================================================
  eval_i   public static startActivityForResult(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent,int,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_n   public static finishAffinity(android.app.Activity)
  k        public static startActivity(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityCompatJB$Exception        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompat     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e)
===============================================================================
  o    public static isLowRamDevice(android.app.ActivityManager)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompat$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompatKitKat       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f)
===============================================================================
  eval_f   public static isLowRamDevice(android.app.ActivityManager)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityManagerCompatKitKat$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a)
===============================================================================
  b    public static makeThumbnailScaleUpAnimation(android.view.View,android.graphics.Bitmap,int,int)
  g    public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat)
  j    public static transient makeSceneTransitionAnimation(android.app.Activity,android.support.v4.util.Pair[])
  s    public static makeCustomAnimation(android.content.Context,int,int)
  t    public toBundle()
  u    public static makeSceneTransitionAnimation(android.app.Activity,android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  y    public static makeScaleUpAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$ActivityOptionsImpl21       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a$p)
===============================================================================
  g    public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat)
  t    public toBundle()

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$ActivityOptionsImplJB       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a$r)
===============================================================================
  g    public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat)
  t    public toBundle()

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_il)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xc)
===============================================================================
  b    public toBundle()
  c    public static makeSceneTransitionAnimation(android.app.Activity,android.view.View[],java.lang.String[])
  k    public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21)
  w    public static makeSceneTransitionAnimation(android.app.Activity,android.view.View,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompat21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_se)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xo)
===============================================================================
  b    public static makeScaleUpAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  j    public toBundle()
  j    public static makeCustomAnimation(android.content.Context,int,int)
  m    public update(android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB)
  p    public static makeThumbnailScaleUpAnimation(android.view.View,android.graphics.Bitmap,int,int)

android.support.v4.app.ActivityOptionsCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__q)
===============================================================================
  b        static access$000(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,boolean,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  b        public setBreadCrumbShortTitle(int)
  c        public addToBackStack(java.lang.String)
  c        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  d        private callSharedElementEnd(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap)
  e        public getName()
  e        private setBackNameOverrides(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,boolean)
  e        private doAddOp(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String,int)
  eval_e   public getBreadCrumbShortTitleRes()
  eval_l   public getBreadCrumbShortTitle()
  eval_m   public isEmpty()
  eval_o   public commitAllowingStateLoss()
  eval_o   private static setFirstOut(android.util.SparseArray,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_p   public replace(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  eval_w   bumpBackStackNesting(int)
  f        private beginTransition(android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray,boolean)
  f        private static remapNames(java.util.ArrayList,java.util.ArrayList,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap)
  g        public show(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  g        public setTransition(int)
  g        public setCustomAnimations(int,int)
  h        private mapEnteringSharedElements(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  h        public remove(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  i        private remapSharedElements(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  i        private setNameOverrides(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,boolean)
  i        private static setNameOverrides(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.ArrayList)
  i        private static getExitTransition(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  i        public calculateBackFragments(android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray)
  i        private configureTransitions(int,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,boolean,android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray)
  i        public setBreadCrumbTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        static access$300(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,int,java.lang.Object)
  j        commitInternal(boolean)
  k        public detach(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  k        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.PrintWriter,boolean)
  l        private excludeHiddenFragments(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,int,java.lang.Object)
  l        public attach(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  l        private static setNameOverride(android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  m        public getBreadCrumbTitle()
  m        public hide(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  m        public add(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  o        public commit()
  o        private mapSharedElementsIn(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,boolean,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  o        public addSharedElement(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  o        public setBreadCrumbTitle(int)
  p        private prepareSharedElementTransition(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.view.View,java.lang.Object,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean,java.util.ArrayList)
  p        private setLastIn(android.util.SparseArray,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  r        public isAddToBackStackAllowed()
  r        private setEpicenterIn(android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState)
  r        public replace(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  r        public setBreadCrumbShortTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        static access$200(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap)
  s        private calculateFragments(android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray)
  s        public setTransitionStyle(int)
  t        public getTransition()
  t        public setCustomAnimations(int,int,int,int)
  u        public getBreadCrumbTitleRes()
  u        private static getEnterTransition(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  v        public getTransitionStyle()
  v        addOp(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$Op)
  v        public popFromBackStack(boolean,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,android.util.SparseArray,android.util.SparseArray)
  w        public disallowAddToBackStack()
  w        static access$100(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState)
  x        public add(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  x        private static captureExitingViews(java.lang.Object,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.util.ArrayList,android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap,android.view.View)
  y        public getId()
  y        private static getSharedElementTransition(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  z        private excludeHiddenFragmentsAfterEnter(android.view.View,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState,int,java.lang.Object)
  z        public add(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  run      public run()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__q$1)
===============================================================================
  h    public getView()

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$2 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__q$2)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$3 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__q$3)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$IOException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$Op        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__q$p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord$TransitionState   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__q$a)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BackStackState    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lf)
===============================================================================
  e                public instantiate(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.BackStackState$1  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lf$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.BackStackState$ParseException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_aa)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.BundleUtil        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_td)
===============================================================================
  l    public static getBundleArrayFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.BundleUtil$IOException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment
===============================================================================
  a            public dismissAllowingStateLoss()
  e            public onDestroyView()
  eval_j       public onStop()
  eval_k       public getTheme()
  eval_y       public setCancelable(boolean)
  g            public getLayoutInflater(android.os.Bundle)
  h            public setShowsDialog(boolean)
  j            public isCancelable()
  j            public setStyle(int,int)
  l            public onAttach(android.app.Activity)
  n            public getDialog()
  n            public onActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  n            dismissInternal(boolean)
  o            public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  r            public getShowsDialog()
  s            public dismiss()
  u            public onDetach()
  w            public onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  x            public onStart()
  x            public show(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction,java.lang.String)
  y            public show(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager,java.lang.String)
  z            public onCreateDialog(android.os.Bundle)
  onCancel     public onCancel(android.content.DialogInterface)
  onDismiss    public onDismiss(android.content.DialogInterface)

android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$DialogStyle        (android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$y)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.DialogFragment$ParseException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.Fragment  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s7)
===============================================================================
  a                        performPrepareOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  a                        public setExitTransition(java.lang.Object)
  b                        public startActivity(android.content.Intent)
  b                        public startActivityForResult(android.content.Intent,int)
  b                        public onViewCreated(android.view.View,android.os.Bundle)
  c                        public getAllowEnterTransitionOverlap()
  c                        performActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  c                        public unregisterForContextMenu(android.view.View)
  c                        public setReenterTransition(java.lang.Object)
  d                        initState()
  d                        final setIndex(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  e                        public onDestroyView()
  e                        public setEnterTransition(java.lang.Object)
  eval__                   performStart()
  eval_a                   public getSharedElementReturnTransition()
  eval_a                   public onCreateAnimation(int,boolean,int)
  eval_aj                  performStop()
  eval_b                   public getUserVisibleHint()
  eval_c                   public final isVisible()
  eval_c                   public setMenuVisibility(boolean)
  eval_d                   public final getResources()
  eval_de                  performReallyStop()
  eval_dx                  performLowMemory()
  eval_e                   public final getTargetRequestCode()
  eval_f                   performResume()
  eval_g                   public final isResumed()
  eval_h                   public final isDetached()
  eval_i                   public final getArguments()
  eval_j                   public onStop()
  eval_j                   performContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  eval_l                   public getView()
  eval_l                   final restoreViewState(android.os.Bundle)
  eval_m                   public getLoaderManager()
  eval_n                   public getEnterTransition()
  eval_o                   public onDestroy()
  eval_p                   public final hasOptionsMenu()
  eval_q                   public final isRemoving()
  eval_q                   public final getText(int)
  eval_q0                  performDestroy()
  eval_qg                  performPause()
  eval_r                   public getSharedElementEnterTransition()
  eval_s                   public onDestroyOptionsMenu()
  eval_s                   public onOptionsMenuClosed(android.view.Menu)
  eval_t                   public final getTargetFragment()
  eval_t                   public onViewStateRestored(android.os.Bundle)
  eval_u                   public getReturnTransition()
  eval_v                   public final isHidden()
  eval_w                   instantiateChildFragmentManager()
  eval_x                   public onPause()
  eval_y                   public onResume()
  eval_yu                  performDestroyView()
  eval_z                   public final getId()
  f                        public setArguments(android.os.Bundle)
  f                        public setUserVisibleHint(boolean)
  f                        public setSharedElementReturnTransition(java.lang.Object)
  g                        public final getFragmentManager()
  g                        public getLayoutInflater(android.os.Bundle)
  h                        public final getActivity()
  h                        public setEnterSharedElementCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  i                        final isInBackStack()
  i                        public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu,android.view.MenuInflater)
  i                        public setReturnTransition(java.lang.Object)
  j                        public onPrepareOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  j                        public setAllowReturnTransitionOverlap(boolean)
  j                        public setSharedElementEnterTransition(java.lang.Object)
  j                        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  k                        public final getParentFragment()
  k                        public setTargetFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int)
  k                        public setHasOptionsMenu(boolean)
  l                        public getAllowReturnTransitionOverlap()
  l                        public onAttach(android.app.Activity)
  l                        public onHiddenChanged(boolean)
  l                        findFragmentByWho(java.lang.String)
  m                        public final isMenuVisible()
  m                        public setExitSharedElementCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  n                        public onActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  n                        public setInitialSavedState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState)
  n                        public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  o                        public final getRetainInstance()
  o                        public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  o                        public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  p                        public getExitTransition()
  p                        public onInflate(android.app.Activity,android.util.AttributeSet,android.os.Bundle)
  p                        performConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  q                        public final isInLayout()
  q                        public setAllowEnterTransitionOverlap(boolean)
  q                        public final getString(int)
  s                        public static instantiate(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  s                        public setRetainInstance(boolean)
  t                        performOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  t                        public onActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
  u                        public onDetach()
  u                        public static instantiate(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  u                        performSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  u                        performCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  u                        public final transient getString(int,java.lang.Object[])
  v                        public final getChildFragmentManager()
  v                        performCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu,android.view.MenuInflater)
  w                        public final isAdded()
  w                        public onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  x                        public onStart()
  x                        performOptionsMenuClosed(android.view.Menu)
  x                        public onContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  y                        public final getTag()
  y                        static isSupportFragmentClass(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  y                        performCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  y                        public registerForContextMenu(android.view.View)
  z                        public getReenterTransition()
  equals                   public final equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode                 public final hashCode()
  onConfigurationChanged   public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onCreateContextMenu      public onCreateContextMenu(android.view.ContextMenu,android.view.View,android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  onLowMemory              public onLowMemory()
  toString                 public toString()

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s7$1)
===============================================================================
  a    public findViewById(int)
  f    public hasView()

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ac)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$InstantiationException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s7$f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s7$w)
===============================================================================
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState$1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s7$w$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ab)
===============================================================================
  a                                public supportPostponeEnterTransition()
  e                                public getLastCustomNonConfigurationInstance()
  eval_q                           onReallyStop()
  eval_u                           public getSupportFragmentManager()
  g                                private static viewToString(android.view.View)
  k                                public supportStartPostponedEnterTransition()
  m                                protected onPrepareOptionsPanel(android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  n                                protected onResumeFragments()
  o                                public startActivityFromFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,android.content.Intent,int)
  p                                public onAttachFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  q                                public onRetainCustomNonConfigurationInstance()
  s                                public supportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
  t                                public setEnterSharedElementCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  u                                public getSupportLoaderManager()
  v                                public supportFinishAfterTransition()
  w                                public setExitSharedElementCallback(android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback)
  w                                private dumpViewHierarchy(java.lang.String,java.io.PrintWriter,android.view.View)
  x                                getLoaderManager(java.lang.String,boolean,boolean)
  z                                doReallyStop(boolean)
  z                                invalidateSupportFragment(java.lang.String)
  dump                             public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  onActivityResult                 protected onActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
  onBackPressed                    public onBackPressed()
  onConfigurationChanged           public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onCreate                         protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreatePanelMenu                public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  onCreateView                     public onCreateView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  onDestroy                        protected onDestroy()
  onKeyDown                        public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onLowMemory                      public onLowMemory()
  onMenuItemSelected               public onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  onNewIntent                      protected onNewIntent(android.content.Intent)
  onPanelClosed                    public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  onPause                          protected onPause()
  onPostResume                     protected onPostResume()
  onPreparePanel                   public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  onResume                         protected onResume()
  onRetainNonConfigurationInstance public final onRetainNonConfigurationInstance()
  onSaveInstanceState              protected onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  onStart                          protected onStart()
  onStop                           protected onStop()
  startActivityForResult           public startActivityForResult(android.content.Intent,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ab$1)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$2        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ab$2)
===============================================================================
  a    public findViewById(int)
  f    public hasView()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$Exception        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_aw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity$NonConfigurationInstances        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ab$v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qh)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract findViewById(int)
  f    public abstract hasView()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer$NullPointerException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g_)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  d        public abstract getBackStackEntryCount()
  d        public abstract getFragment(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  eval_f   public abstract putFragment(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_m   public openTransaction()
  eval_t   public abstract isDestroyed()
  g        public abstract popBackStackImmediate()
  h        public abstract popBackStack(int,int)
  j        public abstract beginTransaction()
  j        public abstract popBackStack(java.lang.String,int)
  k        public abstract removeOnBackStackChangedListener(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener)
  l        public abstract popBackStack()
  o        public abstract findFragmentByTag(java.lang.String)
  p        public abstract executePendingTransactions()
  p        public abstract addOnBackStackChangedListener(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener)
  p        public abstract popBackStackImmediate(int,int)
  p        public abstract popBackStackImmediate(java.lang.String,int)
  v        public static enableDebugLogging(boolean)
  x        public abstract getFragments()
  x        public abstract saveFragmentInstanceState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  y        public abstract findFragmentById(int)
  z        public abstract getBackStackEntryAt(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$BackStackEntry    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g_$_)
===============================================================================
  e        public abstract getName()
  eval_e   public abstract getBreadCrumbShortTitleRes()
  eval_l   public abstract getBreadCrumbShortTitle()
  m        public abstract getBreadCrumbTitle()
  u        public abstract getBreadCrumbTitleRes()
  y        public abstract getId()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$IOException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_va)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g_$m)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract onBackStackChanged()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b1)
===============================================================================
  a            public dispatchCreate()
  a            public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  d            public getBackStackEntryCount()
  d            public dispatchConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  d            public getFragment(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  d            restoreAllState(android.os.Parcelable,java.util.ArrayList)
  e            public dispatchPrepareOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  e            public static reverseTransit(int)
  eval_d       public noteStateNotSaved()
  eval_f       public putFragment(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_g       public dispatchStop()
  eval_i       reportBackStackChanged()
  eval_l       saveFragmentBasicState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_l       public detachFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  eval_p       public dispatchLowMemory()
  eval_t       public isDestroyed()
  eval_u       public enqueueAction(java.lang.Runnable,boolean)
  eval_v       public dispatchDestroyView()
  eval_x       public dispatchPause()
  eval_y       getLayoutInflaterFactory()
  f            public performPendingDeferredStart(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  f            public freeBackStackIndex(int)
  g            public popBackStackImmediate()
  g            public removeFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  g            public findFragmentByWho(java.lang.String)
  h            public hideFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  h            public attachActivity(android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity,android.support.v4.app.FragmentContainer,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  h            public popBackStack(int,int)
  i            retainNonConfig()
  i            addBackStackState(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord)
  i            public showFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  j            public beginTransaction()
  j            public popBackStack(java.lang.String,int)
  k            public dispatchActivityCreated()
  k            public removeOnBackStackChangedListener(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener)
  k            public dispatchCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu,android.view.MenuInflater)
  k            public static transitToStyleIndex(int,boolean)
  k            moveToState(int,int,int,boolean)
  l            public popBackStack()
  m            public dispatchReallyStop()
  m            public addFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,boolean)
  n            public dispatchOptionsMenuClosed(android.view.Menu)
  o            loadAnimation(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,boolean,int)
  o            public attachFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int)
  o            public dispatchContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  o            moveToState(int,boolean)
  o            public findFragmentByTag(java.lang.String)
  p            public executePendingTransactions()
  p            moveToState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  p            public addOnBackStackChangedListener(android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager$OnBackStackChangedListener)
  p            public popBackStackImmediate(int,int)
  p            public popBackStackImmediate(java.lang.String,int)
  q            public dispatchDestroy()
  q            public allocBackStackIndex(android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord)
  r            public dispatchResume()
  r            static makeOpenCloseAnimation(android.content.Context,float,float,float,float)
  r            saveFragmentViewState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  r            public dispatchOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  s            public execPendingActions()
  s            makeInactive(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  t            private checkStateLoss()
  u            saveAllState()
  u            public setBackStackIndex(int,android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord)
  v            startPendingDeferredFragments()
  v            private throwException(java.lang.RuntimeException)
  w            static makeFadeAnimation(android.content.Context,float,float)
  w            popBackStackState(android.os.Handler,java.lang.String,int,int)
  w            makeActive(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  x            public getFragments()
  x            public saveFragmentInstanceState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  y            public dispatchStart()
  y            moveToState(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,int,int,int,boolean)
  y            public findFragmentById(int)
  z            public getBackStackEntryAt(int)
  onCreateView public onCreateView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  toString     public toString()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b1$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$2     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b1$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$3     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b1$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$4     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b1$4)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$5     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b1$5)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$FragmentTag   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b1$j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_db)
===============================================================================
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_db$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState$IOException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qn)
===============================================================================
  c        public finishUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  d        public setPrimaryItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  e        public getItemId(int)
  eval_b   public saveState()
  i        public restoreState(android.os.Parcelable,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  i        public isViewFromObject(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  k        public startUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  t        public destroyItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  u        public instantiateItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  u        private static makeFragmentName(int,long)
  y        public abstract getItem(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter$IOException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_al)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentState     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nq)
===============================================================================
  eval_v           public instantiate(android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentState$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nq$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pk)
===============================================================================
  c        public finishUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  d        public setPrimaryItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public saveState()
  i        public restoreState(android.os.Parcelable,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  i        public isViewFromObject(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  k        public startUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  t        public destroyItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  t        public abstract getItem(int)
  u        public instantiateItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapter$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wt)
===============================================================================
  c                        public addTab(android.widget.TabHost$TabSpec,java.lang.Class,android.os.Bundle)
  d                        private initFragmentTabHost(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  eval_z                   private ensureContent()
  n                        private ensureHierarchy(android.content.Context)
  o                        public setup(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager)
  v                        private doTabChanged(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction)
  z                        public setup(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager,int)
  onAttachedToWindow       protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow     protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onRestoreInstanceState   protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState      protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onTabChanged             public onTabChanged(java.lang.String)
  setOnTabChangedListener  public setOnTabChangedListener(android.widget.TabHost$OnTabChangeListener)
  setup                    public setup()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wt$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$DummyTabFactory   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wt$b)
===============================================================================
  createTabContent public createTabContent(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$IOException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wt$z)
===============================================================================
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wt$z$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wt$l)
===============================================================================
  d        static access$300(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)
  eval_z   static access$400(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)
  m        static access$102(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  o        static access$200(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)
  z        static access$100(android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$TabInfo)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uh)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract setBreadCrumbShortTitle(int)
  c        public abstract addToBackStack(java.lang.String)
  eval_m   public abstract isEmpty()
  eval_o   public abstract commitAllowingStateLoss()
  eval_p   public abstract replace(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  g        public abstract show(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  g        public abstract setTransition(int)
  g        public abstract setCustomAnimations(int,int)
  h        public abstract remove(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  i        public abstract setBreadCrumbTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  k        public abstract detach(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  l        public abstract attach(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  m        public abstract hide(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  m        public abstract add(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  o        public abstract commit()
  o        public abstract addSharedElement(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  o        public abstract setBreadCrumbTitle(int)
  r        public abstract isAddToBackStackAllowed()
  r        public abstract replace(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  r        public abstract setBreadCrumbShortTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public abstract setTransitionStyle(int)
  t        public abstract setCustomAnimations(int,int,int,int)
  w        public abstract disallowAddToBackStack()
  x        public abstract add(android.support.v4.app.Fragment,java.lang.String)
  z        public abstract add(int,android.support.v4.app.Fragment)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction$Transit       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uh$m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vn)
===============================================================================
  c        public static findNamedViews(java.util.Map,android.view.View)
  d        public static addTargets(java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList)
  d        static access$000(java.util.ArrayList,android.view.View)
  eval_g   static access$100(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public static setEpicenter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  k        private static getBoundsOnScreen(android.view.View)
  k        public static cleanupTransitions(android.view.View,android.view.View,java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList,java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList,java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList,java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.Map)
  k        public static captureExitingViews(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.Map,android.view.View)
  k        public static addTransitionTargets(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$ViewRetriever,android.view.View,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$EpicenterView,java.util.Map,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.Map,java.util.ArrayList)
  p        public static excludeTarget(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,boolean)
  s        private static setSharedElementEpicenter(android.transition.Transition,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$EpicenterView)
  s        public static cloneTransition(java.lang.Object)
  s        private static captureTransitioningViews(java.util.ArrayList,android.view.View)
  s        private static isNullOrEmpty(java.util.List)
  t        public static beginDelayedTransition(android.view.ViewGroup,java.lang.Object)
  t        public static mergeTransitions(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,boolean)
  w        public static removeTargets(java.lang.Object,java.util.ArrayList)
  x        public static getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  z        private static hasSimpleTarget(android.transition.Transition)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vn$1)
===============================================================================
  onGetEpicenter   public onGetEpicenter(android.transition.Transition)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$2      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vn$2)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$3      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vn$3)
===============================================================================
  onGetEpicenter   public onGetEpicenter(android.transition.Transition)

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$4      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vn$4)
===============================================================================
  onPreDraw    public onPreDraw()

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$EpicenterView  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vn$t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ij)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransitionCompat21$ViewRetriever  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vn$_)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract getView()

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e4)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  m    public abstract cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  p    public abstract cancelAll(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e4$w)
===============================================================================
  h            public static asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
  j            public abstract notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  m            public abstract cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  p            public abstract cancelAll(java.lang.String)
  asBinder     public asBinder()
  onTransact   public onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ht)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel$Stub$Proxy       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e4$w$e)
===============================================================================
  j        public notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  m        public cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  p        public cancelAll(java.lang.String)
  q        public getInterfaceDescriptor()
  asBinder public asBinder()

android.support.v4.app.ListFragment
===============================================================================
  a        public getListView()
  b        public onViewCreated(android.view.View,android.os.Bundle)
  b        public setEmptyText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  d        public onListItemClick(android.widget.ListView,android.view.View,int,long)
  e        public onDestroyView()
  e        public setSelection(int)
  eval_cx  public getSelectedItemId()
  eval_jl  public getListAdapter()
  eval_k   public getSelectedItemPosition()
  eval_n   public setListShownNoAnimation(boolean)
  eval_pe  private ensureList()
  h        public setListShown(boolean)
  n        public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  q        public setListAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  q        private setListShown(boolean,boolean)

android.support.v4.app.ListFragment$1
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.app.ListFragment$2
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v4.app.ListFragment$NullPointerException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zl)
===============================================================================
  eval_c   public abstract getLoader(int)
  l        public abstract destroyLoader(int)
  o        public static enableDebugLogging(boolean)
  p        public abstract restartLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  s        public hasRunningLoaders()
  t        public abstract dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  u        public abstract initLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zl$s)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onCreateLoader(int,android.os.Bundle)
  p    public abstract onLoadFinished(android.support.v4.content.Loader,java.lang.Object)
  t    public abstract onLoaderReset(android.support.v4.content.Loader)

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vo)
===============================================================================
  eval_c   public getLoader(int)
  eval_i   doDestroy()
  g        doReportStart()
  i        doStart()
  k        private createLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  l        public destroyLoader(int)
  m        doRetain()
  n        doReportNextStart()
  o        updateActivity(android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity)
  o        private createAndInstallLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  p        public restartLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  r        doStop()
  s        public hasRunningLoaders()
  t        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  u        public initLoader(int,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.LoaderManager$LoaderCallbacks)
  y        finishRetain()
  y        installLoader(android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderInfo)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderInfo      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vo$s)
===============================================================================
  d        reportStart()
  eval_c   destroy()
  f        finishRetain()
  i        callOnLoadFinished(android.support.v4.content.Loader,java.lang.Object)
  k        retain()
  n        public onLoadComplete(android.support.v4.content.Loader,java.lang.Object)
  q        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  r        start()
  s        stop()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.LoaderManagerImpl$NullPointerException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zp)
===============================================================================
  a        public static shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  b        public static getParentActivityName(android.app.Activity)
  eval_n   public static getParentActivityIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName)
  g        public static getParentActivityIntent(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
  i        public static getParentActivityName(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName)
  k        public static getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
  k        public static navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  s        public static navigateUpFromSameTask(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ks)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImpl     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zp$l)
===============================================================================
  n    public abstract getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
  n    public abstract shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  q    public abstract getParentActivityName(android.content.Context,android.content.pm.ActivityInfo)
  z    public abstract navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImplBase (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zp$z)
===============================================================================
  n    public getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
  n    public shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  q    public getParentActivityName(android.content.Context,android.content.pm.ActivityInfo)
  z    public navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtils$NavUtilsImplJB   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zp$f)
===============================================================================
  n    public getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
  n    public shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  q    public getParentActivityName(android.content.Context,android.content.pm.ActivityInfo)
  t    superGetParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
  z    public navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtilsJB        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v2)
===============================================================================
  i    public static shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
  l    public static getParentActivityName(android.content.pm.ActivityInfo)
  r    public static getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
  r    public static navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.NavUtilsJB$IOException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NoSaveStateFrameLayout    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t8)
===============================================================================
  j                            static wrap(android.view.View)
  dispatchRestoreInstanceState protected dispatchRestoreInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)
  dispatchSaveInstanceState    protected dispatchSaveInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)

android.support.v4.app.NoSaveStateFrameLayout$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_of)
===============================================================================
  u    public abstract addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ah)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gi)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract getBuilder()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5)
===============================================================================
  a        static access$000(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions,java.util.ArrayList)
  b        static access$100(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style)
  d        public static getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  d        static access$500(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  eval_f   public static isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  eval_y   public static getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  l        public static getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  l        private static addStyleToBuilderJellybean(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style)
  m        static access$200()
  m        public static getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  r        public static getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  r        private static getNotificationArrayFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
  t        public static getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  t        private static addActionsToBuilder(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithActions,java.util.ArrayList)
  w        public static getCategory(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$c)
===============================================================================
  b        protected getIcon()
  eval_w   public getExtras()
  f        static access$300(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action)
  k        protected getTitle()
  r        public getRemoteInputs()
  u        protected getActionIntent()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$c$1)
===============================================================================
  h    public build(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[])
  q    public newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Builder (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$c$m)
===============================================================================
  c    public build()
  d    public addRemoteInput(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput)
  f    public getExtras()
  t    public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Extender)
  u    public addExtras(android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Extender        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$c$w)
===============================================================================
  r    public abstract extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Builder)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ul)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$WearableExtender        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$c$h)
===============================================================================
  clone    public clone()
  e        public getInProgressLabel()
  j        public getCancelLabel()
  j        public setCancelLabel(java.lang.CharSequence)
  k        public setConfirmLabel(java.lang.CharSequence)
  n        public setInProgressLabel(java.lang.CharSequence)
  r        public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action$Builder)
  t        public getConfirmLabel()
  t        private setFlag(int,boolean)
  z        public isAvailableOffline()
  z        public setAvailableOffline(boolean)
  clone    public volatile clone()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BigPictureStyle        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$h)
===============================================================================
  b    public bigLargeIcon(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  c    public setBigContentTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  n    public setSummaryText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p    public bigPicture(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$BigTextStyle   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$e)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public setBigContentTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  h        public bigText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public setSummaryText(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$q)
===============================================================================
  c        public getExtras()
  c        public setTicker(java.lang.CharSequence)
  d        public setSortKey(java.lang.String)
  e        public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Extender)
  eval_n   public setNumber(int)
  f        public setGroupSummary(boolean)
  f        public addPerson(java.lang.String)
  f        public setVibrate(long[])
  g        public setSound(android.net.Uri,int)
  h        public setVisibility(int)
  i        public setSmallIcon(int)
  j        public setShowWhen(boolean)
  j        public setWhen(long)
  k        public setContent(android.widget.RemoteViews)
  k        public setProgress(int,int,boolean)
  l        public setGroup(java.lang.String)
  m        public setContentInfo(java.lang.CharSequence)
  n        protected static limitCharSequenceLength(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public setSound(android.net.Uri)
  o        public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action)
  o        public setPriority(int)
  p        public setFullScreenIntent(android.app.PendingIntent,boolean)
  p        public setOngoing(boolean)
  p        public addAction(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent)
  p        public setCategory(java.lang.String)
  q        public setPublicVersion(android.app.Notification)
  q        private setFlag(int,boolean)
  r        public setDeleteIntent(android.app.PendingIntent)
  r        public setSmallIcon(int,int)
  r        public setTicker(java.lang.CharSequence,android.widget.RemoteViews)
  t        public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  t        public setSubText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  u        public setContentTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v        public build()
  v        public setContentIntent(android.app.PendingIntent)
  v        public setLargeIcon(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  v        public setUsesChronometer(boolean)
  w        public addExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  w        public setStyle(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style)
  w        public setLocalOnly(boolean)
  x        public getNotification()
  x        public setOnlyAlertOnce(boolean)
  x        public setDefaults(int)
  x        public setContentText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y        public setColor(int)
  z        public setAutoCancel(boolean)
  z        public setLights(int,int,int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$n)
===============================================================================
  b    public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  e    public setUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation)
  f    public getUnreadConversation()
  g    public getColor()
  m    public setLargeIcon(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  q    public getLargeIcon()
  u    public setColor(int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$n$s)
===============================================================================
  eval_q   public getLatestTimestamp()
  eval_w   public getRemoteInput()
  h        public getMessages()
  i        public getReplyPendingIntent()
  k        public getReadPendingIntent()
  w        public getParticipant()
  x        public getParticipants()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$n$s$1)
===============================================================================
  i    public build(java.lang.String[],android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent,java.lang.String[],long)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$Builder (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$n$s$o)
===============================================================================
  b    public setLatestTimestamp(long)
  f    public setReplyAction(android.app.PendingIntent,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput)
  i    public build()
  o    public setReadPendingIntent(android.app.PendingIntent)
  t    public addMessage(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$CarExtender$UnreadConversation$ParseException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Extender       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$r)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$InboxStyle     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$g)
===============================================================================
  f    public setSummaryText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  m    public addLine(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v    public setBigContentTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImpl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$m)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  eval_b   public abstract getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  g        public abstract build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  i        public abstract getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  i        public abstract getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
  k        public abstract getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action[])
  m        public abstract getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  o        public abstract getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  t        public abstract getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  v        public abstract getUnreadConversationFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  w        public abstract getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  w        public abstract getBundleForUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation)
  y        public abstract isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplApi20    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$y)
===============================================================================
  eval_b   public getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  g        public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  i        public getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  i        public getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
  k        public getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action[])
  m        public getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  t        public getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  y        public isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplApi21    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$j)
===============================================================================
  g    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  o    public getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  v    public getUnreadConversationFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  w    public getBundleForUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplBase     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$eval_t)
===============================================================================
  b        public getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  eval_b   public getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  g        public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  i        public getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  i        public getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
  k        public getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action[])
  m        public getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  o        public getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  t        public getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  v        public getUnreadConversationFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  w        public getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  w        public getBundleForUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation)
  y        public isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplGingerbread      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$eval_h)
===============================================================================
  g    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplHoneycomb        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$w)
===============================================================================
  g    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplIceCreamSandwich (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$eval_b)
===============================================================================
  g    public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplJellybean        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$eval_s)
===============================================================================
  b        public getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  eval_b   public getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  g        public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  i        public getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  i        public getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
  k        public getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action[])
  m        public getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  t        public getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  w        public getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  y        public isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$NotificationCompatImplKitKat   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$eval_o)
===============================================================================
  b        public getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  eval_b   public getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  g        public build(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  i        public getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  m        public getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  t        public getAction(android.app.Notification,int)
  w        public getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  y        public isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Style  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$t)
===============================================================================
  g    public setBuilder(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  v    public build()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$WearableExtender       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n5$p)
===============================================================================
  a        public setContentIconGravity(int)
  b        public getPages()
  b        public extend(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
  c        public setHintScreenTimeout(int)
  clone    public clone()
  eval_h   public getCustomContentHeight()
  eval_j   public getContentIconGravity()
  eval_l   public getCustomSizePreset()
  eval_l   public setCustomContentHeight(int)
  eval_r   public getGravity()
  eval_t   public getHintScreenTimeout()
  eval_v   public getContentAction()
  g        public clearActions()
  g        public setStartScrollBottom(boolean)
  h        public getHintAvoidBackgroundClipping()
  i        public setContentAction(int)
  k        public setCustomSizePreset(int)
  m        public addPages(java.util.List)
  n        public getContentIntentAvailableOffline()
  o        public getBackground()
  o        public setHintShowBackgroundOnly(boolean)
  p        public getHintHideIcon()
  p        public setHintHideIcon(boolean)
  q        public getStartScrollBottom()
  s        public getContentIcon()
  t        public getDisplayIntent()
  t        public setBackground(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  t        private setFlag(int,boolean)
  t        public addActions(java.util.List)
  u        public setHintAvoidBackgroundClipping(boolean)
  u        public setContentIcon(int)
  w        public getHintShowBackgroundOnly()
  w        public setContentIntentAvailableOffline(boolean)
  w        public setGravity(int)
  x        public getActions()
  x        public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat$Action)
  y        public clearPages()
  y        public setDisplayIntent(android.app.PendingIntent)
  z        public addPage(android.app.Notification)
  clone    public volatile clone()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bi)
===============================================================================
  g    public static getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  i    public static isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  l    private static getActionFromActionCompat(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  o    public static getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action[])
  s    public static getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  s    public static addAction(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  t    public static getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  x    private static getActionCompatFromAction(android.app.Notification$Action,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  y    public static getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  z    public static getAction(android.app.Notification,int,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_li)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi20$Builder   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bi$o)
===============================================================================
  c    public build()
  d    public getBuilder()
  u    public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jk)
===============================================================================
  h    private static toCompatRemoteInput(android.app.RemoteInput,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  q    private static fromCompatRemoteInput(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput)
  w    public static getCategory(android.app.Notification)
  w    static getUnreadConversationFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  z    static getBundleForUnreadConversation(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ri)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatApi21$Builder   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jk$w)
===============================================================================
  d    public getBuilder()
  i    public build()
  u    public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i0$l)
===============================================================================
  b        protected abstract getIcon()
  eval_w   protected abstract getExtras()
  k        protected abstract getTitle()
  r        protected abstract getRemoteInputs()
  u        protected abstract getActionIntent()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i0$l$e)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract build(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[])
  q    public abstract newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fs)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i0$m)
===============================================================================
  eval_q   abstract getLatestTimestamp()
  eval_w   abstract getRemoteInput()
  h        abstract getMessages()
  i        abstract getReplyPendingIntent()
  k        abstract getReadPendingIntent()
  w        abstract getParticipant()
  x        abstract getParticipants()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Exception       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$UnreadConversation$Factory (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i0$m$t)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract build(java.lang.String[],android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent,java.lang.String[],long)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatExtras  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatExtras$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatGingerbread     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uw)
===============================================================================
  f    public static add(android.app.Notification,android.content.Context,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatGingerbread$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatHoneycomb       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pg)
===============================================================================
  l    static add(android.content.Context,android.app.Notification,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,android.widget.RemoteViews,int,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent,android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xi)
===============================================================================
  f    static add(android.content.Context,android.app.Notification,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence,android.widget.RemoteViews,int,android.app.PendingIntent,android.app.PendingIntent,android.graphics.Bitmap,int,int,boolean)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatIceCreamSandwich$ParseException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bm)
===============================================================================
  b    public static getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  b    public static getActionsFromParcelableArrayList(java.util.ArrayList,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  c    private static getActionFromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  f    private static getActionObjectsLocked(android.app.Notification)
  g    public static getGroup(android.app.Notification)
  h    public static getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  i    private static ensureActionReflectionReadyLocked()
  i    public static buildActionExtrasMap(java.util.List)
  k    public static getParcelableArrayListForActions(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action[])
  m    public static readAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory,int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent,android.os.Bundle)
  p    public static addBigTextStyle(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence)
  q    public static addInboxStyle(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,java.lang.CharSequence,java.util.ArrayList)
  r    public static writeActionAndGetExtras(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  s    public static isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  u    private static getBundleForAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  v    public static getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  w    public static getAction(android.app.Notification,int,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  x    public static getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  z    public static addBigPictureStyle(android.support.v4.app.NotificationBuilderWithBuilderAccessor,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,java.lang.CharSequence,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean$Builder       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bm$p)
===============================================================================
  d    public getBuilder()
  u    public build()
  u    public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatJellybean$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xr)
===============================================================================
  c    public static getSortKey(android.app.Notification)
  q    public static getAction(android.app.Notification,int,android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action$Factory,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  t    public static isGroupSummary(android.app.Notification)
  u    public static getLocalOnly(android.app.Notification)
  v    public static getActionCount(android.app.Notification)
  y    public static getExtras(android.app.Notification)
  z    public static getGroup(android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat$Builder  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xr$c)
===============================================================================
  d    public getBuilder()
  u    public addAction(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatBase$Action)
  x    public build()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatKitKat$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j5)
===============================================================================
  d        private checkPermission(int,java.lang.String)
  f        public abstract cancelAll(java.lang.String)
  g        public abstract cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  r        public abstract notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  t        static access$100(android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService,int,java.lang.String)
  onBind   public onBind(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j5$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$Exception    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService$NotificationSideChannelStub  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j5$i)
===============================================================================
  j    public notify(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,android.app.Notification)
  m    public cancel(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  p    public cancelAll(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr)
===============================================================================
  e    private pushSideChannelQueue(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task)
  f    public cancel(int)
  k    public static getEnabledListenerPackages(android.content.Context)
  k    public cancel(java.lang.String,int)
  n    public static from(android.content.Context)
  o    public notify(int,android.app.Notification)
  p    private static useSideChannelForNotification(android.app.Notification)
  r    static access$000()
  s    public notify(java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)
  t    public cancelAll()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$CancelTask      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$h)
===============================================================================
  h        public send(android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Impl    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$a)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract getSideChannelBindFlags()
  e    public abstract cancelNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int)
  y    public abstract postNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplBase        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$t)
===============================================================================
  c    public getSideChannelBindFlags()
  e    public cancelNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int)
  y    public postNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplEclair      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$z)
===============================================================================
  e    public cancelNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int)
  y    public postNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ImplIceCreamSandwich    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$d)
===============================================================================
  c    public getSideChannelBindFlags()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$NotifyTask      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$i)
===============================================================================
  h        public send(android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel)
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$ServiceConnectedEvent   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$y)
===============================================================================
  b                        private processListenerQueue(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord)
  eval_u                   private ensureServiceBound(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord)
  h                        private handleServiceConnected(android.content.ComponentName,android.os.IBinder)
  h                        private scheduleListenerRetry(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord)
  k                        private handleRetryListenerQueue(android.content.ComponentName)
  n                        private updateListenerMap()
  u                        private ensureServiceUnbound(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord)
  x                        private handleQueueTask(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task)
  z                        private handleServiceDisconnected(android.content.ComponentName)
  z                        public queueTask(android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task)
  handleMessage            public handleMessage(android.os.Message)
  onServiceConnected       public onServiceConnected(android.content.ComponentName,android.os.IBinder)
  onServiceDisconnected    public onServiceDisconnected(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ListenerRecord       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$y$b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$SideChannelManager$ParseException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompat$Task    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mr$f)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract send(android.support.v4.app.INotificationSideChannel)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatEclair   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wg)
===============================================================================
  i    static cancelNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int)
  l    public static postNotification(android.app.NotificationManager,java.lang.String,int,android.app.Notification)

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatEclair$Exception (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatIceCreamSandwich (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.NotificationManagerCompatIceCreamSandwich$Exception       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ed)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l3)
===============================================================================
  a        public getResultKey()
  b        public static addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_k   public getChoices()
  n        public getExtras()
  r        public getLabel()
  s        public getAllowFreeFormInput()
  v        public static getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l3$1)
===============================================================================
  g    public build(java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence[],boolean,android.os.Bundle)
  l    public newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Builder       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l3$p)
===============================================================================
  d    public addExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  j    public build()
  k    public getExtras()
  m    public setChoices(java.lang.CharSequence[])
  q    public setLabel(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s    public setAllowFreeFormInput(boolean)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Exception     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$Impl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l3$d)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  j    public abstract addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplApi20     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l3$j)
===============================================================================
  g    public getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  j    public addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplBase      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l3$r)
===============================================================================
  g    public getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  j    public addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput$ImplJellybean (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l3$k)
===============================================================================
  g    public getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  j    public addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatApi20    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o2)
===============================================================================
  a    static getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  m    static addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  w    static toCompat(android.app.RemoteInput[],android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  z    static fromCompat(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[])

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatApi20$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x2$n)
===============================================================================
  a        protected abstract getResultKey()
  eval_k   protected abstract getChoices()
  n        protected abstract getExtras()
  r        protected abstract getLabel()
  s        protected abstract getAllowFreeFormInput()

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x2$n$f)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract build(java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence[],boolean,android.os.Bundle)
  l    public abstract newArray(int)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatJellybean        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oq)
===============================================================================
  b        static toBundleArray(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[])
  eval_a   static getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  g        static fromBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)
  j        static addResultsToIntent(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput[],android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  q        static toBundle(android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput)
  s        static fromBundleArray(android.os.Bundle[],android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatBase$RemoteInput$Factory)

android.support.v4.app.RemoteInputCompatJellybean$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ServiceCompat     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ServiceCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g4)
===============================================================================
  i    public static getCallingActivity(android.app.Activity)
  l    static access$000()
  l    public static configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)
  o    public static getCallingPackage(android.app.Activity)
  y    public static configureMenuItem(android.view.Menu,int,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$Exception     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g4$p)
===============================================================================
  b        public startChooser()
  b        public setStream(android.net.Uri)
  e        public setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_k   public addEmailCc(java.lang.String)
  eval_m   public createChooserIntent()
  eval_r   public addStream(android.net.Uri)
  eval_u   public setSubject(java.lang.String)
  eval_u   public addEmailBcc(java.lang.String[])
  eval_w   public addEmailCc(java.lang.String[])
  f        public setChooserTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  f        public addEmailTo(java.lang.String[])
  h        public addEmailTo(java.lang.String)
  h        private combineArrayExtra(java.lang.String,java.util.ArrayList)
  i        public setType(java.lang.String)
  k        public setChooserTitle(int)
  k        public setEmailBcc(java.lang.String[])
  l        public static from(android.app.Activity)
  l        public setEmailTo(java.lang.String[])
  q        public setHtmlText(java.lang.String)
  r        public addEmailBcc(java.lang.String)
  s        getActivity()
  s        public setEmailCc(java.lang.String[])
  x        private combineArrayExtra(java.lang.String,java.lang.String[])
  z        public getIntent()

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentReader  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g4$f)
===============================================================================
  a        public getStreamCount()
  b        public getEmailTo()
  d        public static from(android.app.Activity)
  eval_e   public getCallingActivity()
  eval_l   public getSubject()
  eval_n   public getStream()
  eval_w   public getType()
  f        public getCallingApplicationLabel()
  g        public getHtmlText()
  i        public isMultipleShare()
  k        public getEmailBcc()
  l        public getText()
  n        public getCallingApplicationIcon()
  q        public getEmailCc()
  v        public isSingleShare()
  w        public getStream(int)
  x        public getCallingPackage()
  y        public isShareIntent()
  z        public getCallingActivityIcon()

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImpl       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g4$i)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)
  x    public abstract escapeHtml(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplBase   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g4$j)
===============================================================================
  i    private static withinStyle(java.lang.StringBuilder,java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)
  j    public configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)
  x    public escapeHtml(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplICS    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g4$h)
===============================================================================
  b    shouldAddChooserIntent(android.view.MenuItem)
  j    public configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$IntentBuilder)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompat$ShareCompatImplJB     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g4$g)
===============================================================================
  b    shouldAddChooserIntent(android.view.MenuItem)
  x    public escapeHtml(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatICS    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_et)
===============================================================================
  r    public static configureMenuItem(android.view.MenuItem,android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatICS$ParseException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_it)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatJB     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__p)
===============================================================================
  k    public static escapeHtml(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.app.ShareCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ea)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public onRejectSharedElements(java.util.List)
  m        private static createDrawableBitmap(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  n        public onSharedElementStart(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  s        public onMapSharedElements(java.util.List,java.util.Map)
  u        public onCreateSnapshotView(android.content.Context,android.os.Parcelable)
  v        public onSharedElementEnd(java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
  x        public onCaptureSharedElementSnapshot(android.view.View,android.graphics.Matrix,android.graphics.RectF)

android.support.v4.app.SharedElementCallback$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.SuperNotCalledException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.SuperNotCalledException$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n4)
===============================================================================
  a        public addParentStack(android.app.Activity)
  a        public addNextIntentWithParentStack(android.content.Intent)
  a        public getPendingIntent(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  c        public startActivities()
  e        public getIntentCount()
  e        public static create(android.content.Context)
  eval_q   public editIntentAt(int)
  f        public getIntent(int)
  f        public getPendingIntent(int,int)
  h        public addNextIntent(android.content.Intent)
  k        public addParentStack(java.lang.Class)
  l        public addParentStack(android.content.ComponentName)
  p        public startActivities(android.os.Bundle)
  q        public getIntents()
  q        public static from(android.content.Context)
  iterator public iterator()

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$Exception        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$SupportParentable        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n4$t)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract getSupportParentActivityIntent()

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImpl     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n4$eval_e)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract getPendingIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplBase (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n4$u)
===============================================================================
  g    public getPendingIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplHoneycomb    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n4$l)
===============================================================================
  g    public getPendingIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder$TaskStackBuilderImplJellybean    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n4$o)
===============================================================================
  g    public getPendingIntent(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderHoneycomb (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q8)
===============================================================================
  g    public static getActivitiesPendingIntent(android.content.Context,int,android.content.Intent[],int)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderHoneycomb$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderJellybean (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_st)
===============================================================================
  e    public static getActivitiesPendingIntent(android.content.Context,int,android.content.Intent[],int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilderJellybean$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xb)
===============================================================================
  e        public abstract loadInBackground()
  eval_c   executePendingTask()
  f        dispatchOnCancelled(android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask,java.lang.Object)
  g        public waitForLoader()
  i        protected onLoadInBackground()
  j        dispatchOnLoadComplete(android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask,java.lang.Object)
  k        protected onForceLoad()
  t        public cancelLoad()
  w        public onCanceled(java.lang.Object)
  y        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  z        public setUpdateThrottle(long)

android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xb$i)
===============================================================================
  d    protected onCancelled()
  e    protected transient doInBackground(java.lang.Void[])
  p    protected volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  s    protected onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
  u    static access$000(android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask)
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ao)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompat (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rh)
===============================================================================
  c    public static final getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)
  d    public static startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],android.os.Bundle)
  f    public static getObbDirs(android.content.Context)
  h    public final getNoBackupFilesDir(android.content.Context)
  l    private static synchronized createFilesDir(java.io.File)
  n    public static getExternalFilesDirs(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  r    private static transient buildPath(java.io.File,java.lang.String[])
  t    public static getExternalCacheDirs(android.content.Context)
  v    public final getCodeCacheDir(android.content.Context)
  z    public static startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[])

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompat$NullPointerException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi21    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w0)
===============================================================================
  e    public static getNoBackupFilesDir(android.content.Context)
  e    public static getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)
  n    public static getCodeCacheDir(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatApi21$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatFroyo    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qg)
===============================================================================
  c        public static getExternalCacheDir(android.content.Context)
  eval_n   public static getExternalFilesDir(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatFroyo$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatHoneycomb        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e5)
===============================================================================
  b    public static getObbDir(android.content.Context)
  d    static startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[])

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatHoneycomb$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatJellybean        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yj)
===============================================================================
  m    public static startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatJellybean$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ss)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatKitKat   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hc)
===============================================================================
  l    public static getObbDirs(android.content.Context)
  t    public static getExternalCacheDirs(android.content.Context)
  w    public static getExternalFilesDirs(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.ContextCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_es)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.CursorLoader  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uz)
===============================================================================
  e        public loadInBackground()
  e        public volatile deliverResult(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public getSortOrder()
  eval_t   protected onStartLoading()
  f        public deliverResult(android.database.Cursor)
  f        public setUri(android.net.Uri)
  h        public setProjection(java.lang.String[])
  j        public getSelection()
  l        protected onReset()
  n        public getProjection()
  p        protected onStopLoading()
  t        public onCanceled(android.database.Cursor)
  t        public setSelectionArgs(java.lang.String[])
  w        public volatile onCanceled(java.lang.Object)
  y        public getUri()
  y        public setSortOrder(java.lang.String)
  y        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  z        public getSelectionArgs()
  z        public setSelection(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.CursorLoader$Exception        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ii)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.FileProvider  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fa)
===============================================================================
  b            private static modeToMode(java.lang.String)
  c            private static getPathStrategy(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  d            public static getUriForFile(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,java.io.File)
  f            private static copyOf(java.lang.String[],int)
  g            private static copyOf(java.lang.Object[],int)
  l            private static parsePathStrategy(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  s            private static transient buildPath(java.io.File,java.lang.String[])
  attachInfo   public attachInfo(android.content.Context,android.content.pm.ProviderInfo)
  delete       public delete(android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,java.lang.String[])
  getType      public getType(android.net.Uri)
  insert       public insert(android.net.Uri,android.content.ContentValues)
  onCreate     public onCreate()
  openFile     public openFile(android.net.Uri,java.lang.String)
  query        public query(android.net.Uri,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String)
  update       public update(android.net.Uri,android.content.ContentValues,java.lang.String,java.lang.String[])

android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$Exception        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vs)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$PathStrategy     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fa$r)
===============================================================================
  eval_n   public abstract getUriForFile(java.io.File)
  k        public abstract getFileForUri(android.net.Uri)

android.support.v4.content.FileProvider$SimplePathStrategy       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fa$eval_i)
===============================================================================
  eval_n   public getUriForFile(java.io.File)
  k        public getFileForUri(android.net.Uri)
  m        public addRoot(java.lang.String,java.io.File)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_di)
===============================================================================
  l    public static makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)
  t    public static makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)
  w    public static makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$Exception        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImpl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_di$p)
===============================================================================
  q    public abstract makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)
  s    public abstract makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)
  x    public abstract makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplBase     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_di$f)
===============================================================================
  q    public makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)
  s    public makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)
  x    public makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplHC       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_di$o)
===============================================================================
  q    public makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)
  s    public makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompat$IntentCompatImplIcsMr1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_di$e)
===============================================================================
  x    public makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatHoneycomb (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vw)
===============================================================================
  v    public static makeMainActivity(android.content.ComponentName)
  w    public static makeRestartActivityTask(android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatHoneycomb$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ub)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatIcsMr1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jz)
===============================================================================
  d    public static makeMainSelectorActivity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.content.IntentCompatIcsMr1$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.Loader        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lw)
===============================================================================
  b        public stopLoading()
  b        public unregisterListener(android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCompleteListener)
  c        public isReset()
  e        public deliverResult(java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   protected onAbandon()
  eval_e   public getId()
  eval_f   public getContext()
  eval_h   public commitContentChanged()
  eval_m   public onContentChanged()
  eval_o   public takeContentChanged()
  eval_t   protected onStartLoading()
  eval_u   public isStarted()
  eval_w   public isAbandoned()
  eval_x   public forceLoad()
  eval_y   public abandon()
  f        public final startLoading()
  k        protected onForceLoad()
  k        public registerListener(int,android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCompleteListener)
  l        protected onReset()
  l        public dataToString(java.lang.Object)
  o        public rollbackContentChanged()
  p        protected onStopLoading()
  s        public reset()
  y        public dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.content.Loader$ForceLoadContentObserver       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lw$g)
===============================================================================
  deliverSelfNotifications public deliverSelfNotifications()
  onChange                 public onChange(boolean)

android.support.v4.content.Loader$IOException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.Loader$OnLoadCompleteListener (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lw$l)
===============================================================================
  n    public abstract onLoadComplete(android.support.v4.content.Loader,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oi)
===============================================================================
  a    public registerReceiver(android.content.BroadcastReceiver,android.content.IntentFilter)
  d    static access$000(android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager)
  e    public sendBroadcastSync(android.content.Intent)
  j    private executePendingBroadcasts()
  s    public sendBroadcast(android.content.Intent)
  v    public unregisterReceiver(android.content.BroadcastReceiver)
  w    public static getInstance(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oi$1)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$BroadcastRecord (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oi$r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.LocalBroadcastManager$ReceiverRecord  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oi$m)
===============================================================================
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th)
===============================================================================
  b        static access$300(android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask,java.lang.Object)
  d        protected onCancelled()
  eval_t   public static setDefaultExecutor(java.util.concurrent.Executor)
  f        private postResultIfNotInvoked(java.lang.Object)
  g        protected transient onProgressUpdate(java.lang.Object[])
  i        public final transient executeOnExecutor(java.util.concurrent.Executor,java.lang.Object[])
  j        public final transient execute(java.lang.Object[])
  m        public final get()
  m        private finish(java.lang.Object)
  p        protected abstract transient doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  q        protected onCancelled(java.lang.Object)
  r        public final getStatus()
  r        static access$200(android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask)
  r        static access$400(android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask,java.lang.Object)
  s        public static init()
  s        protected onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
  t        public final get(long,java.util.concurrent.TimeUnit)
  u        protected onPreExecute()
  v        public final isCancelled()
  v        static access$500(android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask,java.lang.Object)
  y        protected final transient publishProgress(java.lang.Object[])
  z        public final cancel(boolean)
  z        private postResult(java.lang.Object)
  z        public static execute(java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th$1)
===============================================================================
  newThread    public newThread(java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$2     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th$2)
===============================================================================
  call public call()

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$3     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th$3)
===============================================================================
  done protected done()

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$4     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th$4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$AsyncTaskResult       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th$h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$InternalHandler       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th$i)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_od)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th$w)
===============================================================================
  valueOf  public static valueOf(java.lang.String)
  values   public static values()

android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$WorkerRunnable        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_th$_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hj)
===============================================================================
  e    public static startWakefulService(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)
  s    public static completeWakefulIntent(android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.pm.ActivityInfoCompat (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_av)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.pm.ActivityInfoCompat$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompat   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c5)
===============================================================================
  j    public static getDrawable(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  j    public static getDrawableForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ch)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi21      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ma)
===============================================================================
  t    public static getDrawableForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  u    public static getDrawable(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_su)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatIcsMr1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bv)
===============================================================================
  u    public static getDrawableForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int)

android.support.v4.content.res.ResourcesCompatIcsMr1$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.database.DatabaseUtilsCompat  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pd)
===============================================================================
  a    public static appendSelectionArgs(java.lang.String[],java.lang.String[])
  r    public static concatenateWhere(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.database.DatabaseUtilsCompat$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ta)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jr)
===============================================================================
  h    public static hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  q    public static setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  v    public static getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$BaseBitmapImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jr$o)
===============================================================================
  d        public setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  eval_k   public hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  l        public getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$BitmapImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jr$b)
===============================================================================
  d        public abstract setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  eval_k   public abstract hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  l        public abstract getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$HcMr1BitmapCompatImpl   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jr$e)
===============================================================================
  l    public getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$JbMr2BitmapCompatImpl   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jr$eval_y)
===============================================================================
  d        public setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)
  eval_k   public hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$KitKatBitmapCompatImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jr$n)
===============================================================================
  l    public getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompat$NullPointerException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatHoneycombMr1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_og)
===============================================================================
  b    static getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatHoneycombMr1$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatJellybeanMR2     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dh)
===============================================================================
  x    public static hasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  x    public static setHasMipMap(android.graphics.Bitmap,boolean)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatJellybeanMR2$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatKitKat   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xu)
===============================================================================
  b    static getAllocationByteCount(android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.graphics.BitmapCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b6)
===============================================================================
  g    public static setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  h    public static setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  j    public static jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  l    public static setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  v    public static setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  w    public static setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  w    public static setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  y    public static isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$BaseDrawableImpl     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b6$o)
===============================================================================
  f    public setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  g    public setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  k    public setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  k    public setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  k    public setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  p    public jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  q    public isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  y    public setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$DrawableImpl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b6$r)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  g    public abstract setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  k    public abstract setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  k    public abstract setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  k    public abstract setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  p    public abstract jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  q    public abstract isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  y    public abstract setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$HoneycombDrawableImpl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b6$q)
===============================================================================
  p    public jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$KitKatDrawableImpl   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b6$j)
===============================================================================
  g    public setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  q    public isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$LDrawableImpl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b6$n)
===============================================================================
  f    public setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  k    public setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  k    public setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  k    public setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
  y    public setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatHoneycomb     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uy)
===============================================================================
  m    public static jumpToCurrentState(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatHoneycomb$NullPointerException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatKitKat        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j2)
===============================================================================
  d    public static setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  l    public static isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatKitKat$ParseException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatL     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tn)
===============================================================================
  j    public static setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
  n    public static setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  n    public static setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  q    public static setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  q    public static setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompatL$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ts)
===============================================================================
  d                    public hasAntiAlias()
  d                    public setGravity(int)
  e                    gravityCompatApply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_m               private computeBitmapSize()
  f                    public final getPaint()
  f                    private static isGreaterThanZero(float)
  i                    public getGravity()
  k                    public setAntiAlias(boolean)
  k                    public setTargetDensity(int)
  m                    public setCornerRadius(float)
  t                    public final getBitmap()
  u                    public hasMipMap()
  u                    public setTargetDensity(android.graphics.Canvas)
  v                    updateDstRect()
  w                    public setMipMap(boolean)
  y                    public getCornerRadius()
  z                    public setTargetDensity(android.util.DisplayMetrics)
  draw                 public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getAlpha             public getAlpha()
  getColorFilter       public getColorFilter()
  getIntrinsicHeight   public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth    public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getOpacity           public getOpacity()
  setAlpha             public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter       public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  setDither            public setDither(boolean)
  setFilterBitmap      public setFilterBitmap(boolean)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable$IOException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable21     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sd)
===============================================================================
  e            gravityCompatApply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)
  u            public hasMipMap()
  w            public setMipMap(boolean)
  getOutline   public getOutline(android.graphics.Outline)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawable21$NullPointerException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fl)
===============================================================================
  j    public static create(android.content.res.Resources,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  k    public static create(android.content.res.Resources,java.lang.String)
  r    public static create(android.content.res.Resources,java.io.InputStream)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory$DefaultRoundedBitmapDrawable   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fl$h)
===============================================================================
  e    gravityCompatApply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)
  u    public hasMipMap()
  w    public setMipMap(boolean)

android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.RoundedBitmapDrawableFactory$NullPointerException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kk)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract getDisplays(java.lang.String)
  p    public abstract getDisplays()
  s    public static getInstance(android.content.Context)
  t    public abstract getDisplay(int)

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$JellybeanMr1Impl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kk$g)
===============================================================================
  k    public getDisplays(java.lang.String)
  p    public getDisplays()
  t    public getDisplay(int)

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerCompat$LegacyImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kk$p)
===============================================================================
  k    public getDisplays(java.lang.String)
  p    public getDisplays()
  t    public getDisplay(int)

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerJellybeanMr1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_io)
===============================================================================
  c    public static getDisplays(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  k    public static getDisplayManager(android.content.Context)
  o    public static getDisplay(java.lang.Object,int)
  r    public static getDisplays(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.hardware.display.DisplayManagerJellybeanMr1$ParseException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ra)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cx)
===============================================================================
  v                    public abstract setSupportOnActionExpandListener(android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  w                    public abstract setSupportActionProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  y                    public abstract getSupportActionProvider()
  collapseActionView   public abstract collapseActionView()
  expandActionView     public abstract expandActionView()
  getActionView        public abstract getActionView()
  isActionViewExpanded public abstract isActionViewExpanded()
  setActionView        public abstract setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView        public abstract setActionView(int)
  setShowAsAction      public abstract setShowAsAction(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags public abstract setShowAsActionFlags(int)

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y_)
===============================================================================
  a                public getDescription()
  e                public getMediaDescription()
  f                public getSubtitle()
  g                public static fromMediaDescription(java.lang.Object)
  h                public getExtras()
  r                public getTitle()
  v                public getMediaId()
  y                public getIconUri()
  z                public getIconBitmap()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y_$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$Builder  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y_$g)
===============================================================================
  b    public build()
  b    public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  i    public setMediaId(java.lang.String)
  j    public setIconBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  l    public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  m    public setIconUri(android.net.Uri)
  n    public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  r    public setDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c1)
===============================================================================
  c        public static getIconBitmap(java.lang.Object)
  d        public static getDescription(java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public static getSubtitle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public static getExtras(java.lang.Object)
  h        public static getIconUri(java.lang.Object)
  k        public static writeToParcel(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcel,int)
  q        public static fromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  r        public static getTitle(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static getMediaId(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21$Builder     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c1$i)
===============================================================================
  j    public static setExtras(java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  k    public static setDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  l    public static setMediaId(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  m    public static setIconBitmap(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  o    public static newInstance()
  s    public static setSubtitle(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  t    public static build(java.lang.Object)
  w    public static setIconUri(java.lang.Object,android.net.Uri)
  w    public static setTitle(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompatApi21$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__2)
===============================================================================
  a                public getDescription()
  c                public getString(java.lang.String)
  e                static access$200()
  eval_i           public getBundle()
  i                public getRating(java.lang.String)
  j                public size()
  j                public containsKey(java.lang.String)
  p                static access$100(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  p                public getLong(java.lang.String)
  r                public getText(java.lang.String)
  u                public keySet()
  w                public getMediaMetadata()
  x                public static fromMediaMetadata(java.lang.Object)
  x                public getBitmap(java.lang.String)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__2$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$Builder     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__2$d)
===============================================================================
  c    public putRating(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  f    public putLong(java.lang.String,long)
  i    public putText(java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence)
  p    public putString(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  q    public build()
  t    public putBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_km)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k9)
===============================================================================
  m    public static getRating(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  q    public static getBitmap(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  s    public static keySet(java.lang.Object)
  t    public static getLong(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  x    public static getText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21$Builder        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k9$h)
===============================================================================
  b    public static putLong(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,long)
  e    public static putBitmap(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  f    public static newInstance()
  k    public static build(java.lang.Object)
  r    public static putString(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  t    public static putRating(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
  u    public static putText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompatApi21$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nt)
===============================================================================
  a                public hasHeart()
  b                public static newPercentageRating(float)
  c                public static newUnratedRating(int)
  eval_e           public getPercentRating()
  eval_s           public static newThumbRating(boolean)
  j                public isThumbUp()
  m                public static newHeartRating(boolean)
  m                public static newStarRating(int,float)
  n                public getRating()
  u                public getStarRating()
  w                public getRatingStyle()
  x                public static fromRating(java.lang.Object)
  z                public isRated()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$1  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nt$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat$ParseException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompatApi21       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ng)
===============================================================================
  c        public static getStarRating(java.lang.Object)
  d        public static newThumbRating(boolean)
  d        public static getPercentRating(java.lang.Object)
  e        public static newUnratedRating(int)
  e        public static newStarRating(int,float)
  eval_w   public static getRatingStyle(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static newHeartRating(boolean)
  j        public static isThumbUp(java.lang.Object)
  p        public static newPercentageRating(float)
  u        public static hasHeart(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static isRated(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.RatingCompatApi21$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportController     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ha)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract getCurrentPosition()
  eval_q   public abstract isPlaying()
  i        public abstract seekTo(long)
  k        public abstract stopPlaying()
  m        public abstract pausePlaying()
  p        public abstract getTransportControlFlags()
  q        public abstract startPlaying()
  w        public abstract getBufferPercentage()
  w        public abstract registerStateListener(android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener)
  x        public abstract getDuration()
  y        public abstract unregisterStateListener(android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener)

android.support.v4.media.TransportController$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rp)
===============================================================================
  b        public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  c        public getCurrentPosition()
  e        private getListeners()
  eval_a   private reportTransportControlsChanged()
  eval_q   public isPlaying()
  eval_s   private pushControllerState()
  h        public getRemoteControlClient()
  i        public seekTo(long)
  k        public stopPlaying()
  m        public pausePlaying()
  o        public refreshState()
  p        public getTransportControlFlags()
  q        public startPlaying()
  u        private reportPlayingChanged()
  v        static isMediaKey(int)
  w        public getBufferPercentage()
  w        public registerStateListener(android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener)
  x        public getDuration()
  y        public destroy()
  y        public unregisterStateListener(android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rp$1)
===============================================================================
  g    public playbackPositionUpdate(long)
  i    public handleKey(android.view.KeyEvent)
  m    public handleAudioFocusChange(int)
  r    public getPlaybackPosition()

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$2     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rp$2)
===============================================================================
  onKeyDown        public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyLongPress   public onKeyLongPress(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyMultiple    public onKeyMultiple(int,int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyUp          public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediator$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorCallback       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mx)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract playbackPositionUpdate(long)
  i    public abstract handleKey(android.view.KeyEvent)
  m    public abstract handleAudioFocusChange(int)
  r    public abstract getPlaybackPosition()

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorCallback$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rx)
===============================================================================
  c                        windowAttached()
  d                        loseFocus()
  e                        public getRemoteControlClient()
  eval_a                   windowDetached()
  eval_o                   public destroy()
  f                        public stopPlaying()
  o                        dropAudioFocus()
  p                        public pausePlaying()
  q                        gainFocus()
  r                        public startPlaying()
  t                        takeAudioFocus()
  x                        public refreshState(boolean,long,int)
  onGetPlaybackPosition    public onGetPlaybackPosition()
  onPlaybackPositionUpdate public onPlaybackPositionUpdate(long)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rx$1)
===============================================================================
  onWindowAttached public onWindowAttached()
  onWindowDetached public onWindowDetached()

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$2 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rx$2)
===============================================================================
  onWindowFocusChanged public onWindowFocusChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$3 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rx$3)
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$4 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rx$4)
===============================================================================
  onAudioFocusChange   public onAudioFocusChange(int)

android.support.v4.media.TransportMediatorJellybeanMR2$Exception (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportPerformer      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zx)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract onGetDuration()
  eval_t   public abstract onPause()
  f        public onMediaButtonDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  g        public onGetTransportControlFlags()
  h        public abstract onStop()
  h        public onMediaButtonUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  j        public onGetBufferPercentage()
  q        public onAudioFocusChange(int)
  r        public abstract onGetCurrentPosition()
  v        public abstract onStart()
  y        public abstract onIsPlaying()
  z        public abstract onSeekTo(long)

android.support.v4.media.TransportPerformer$IOException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i9)
===============================================================================
  h    public onTransportControlsChanged(android.support.v4.media.TransportController)
  n    public onPlayingChanged(android.support.v4.media.TransportController)

android.support.v4.media.TransportStateListener$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s6)
===============================================================================
  c        public final setCurrentVolume(int)
  eval_r   public final getMaxVolume()
  g        public getVolumeProvider()
  k        public final getCurrentVolume()
  l        public final getVolumeControl()
  o        public onAdjustVolume(int)
  u        public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$Callback)
  x        public onSetVolumeTo(int)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$1  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s6$1)
===============================================================================
  c        public onAdjustVolume(int)
  eval_f   public onSetVolumeTo(int)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$Callback   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s6$c)
===============================================================================
  eval_l   public abstract onVolumeChanged(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ka)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_si)
===============================================================================
  l    public static setCurrentVolume(java.lang.Object,int)
  w    public static createVolumeProvider(int,int,int,android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$Delegate)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_si$1)
===============================================================================
  onAdjustVolume   public onAdjustVolume(int)
  onSetVolumeTo    public onSetVolumeTo(int)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$Delegate      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_si$b)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract onAdjustVolume(int)
  eval_f   public abstract onSetVolumeTo(int)

android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompatApi21$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ns)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9)
===============================================================================
  e        public static createRouteCategory(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,boolean)
  eval_f   public static createVolumeCallback(android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$VolumeCallback)
  eval_t   public static removeUserRoute(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  h        public static getMediaRouter(android.content.Context)
  i        public static addUserRoute(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  j        public static removeCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  m        public static createCallback(android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$Callback)
  m        public static getCategories(java.lang.Object)
  m        public static createUserRoute(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  v        public static addCallback(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.Object)
  w        public static selectRoute(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.Object)
  x        public static getSelectedRoute(java.lang.Object,int)
  z        public static getRoutes(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$Callback   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$r)
===============================================================================
  d        public abstract onRouteAdded(java.lang.Object)
  eval_c   public abstract onRouteUnselected(int,java.lang.Object)
  g        public abstract onRouteVolumeChanged(java.lang.Object)
  j        public abstract onRouteRemoved(java.lang.Object)
  n        public abstract onRouteChanged(java.lang.Object)
  t        public abstract onRouteGrouped(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,int)
  w        public abstract onRouteSelected(int,java.lang.Object)
  y        public abstract onRouteUngrouped(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$CallbackProxy      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$eval_a)
===============================================================================
  onRouteAdded         public onRouteAdded(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)
  onRouteChanged       public onRouteChanged(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)
  onRouteGrouped       public onRouteGrouped(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteGroup,int)
  onRouteRemoved       public onRouteRemoved(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)
  onRouteSelected      public onRouteSelected(android.media.MediaRouter,int,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)
  onRouteUngrouped     public onRouteUngrouped(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteGroup)
  onRouteUnselected    public onRouteUnselected(android.media.MediaRouter,int,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)
  onRouteVolumeChanged public onRouteVolumeChanged(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$GetDefaultRouteWorkaround  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$c)
===============================================================================
  b    public getDefaultRoute(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteCategory      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$eval_h)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getSupportedTypes(java.lang.Object)
  j    public static getName(java.lang.Object,android.content.Context)
  n    public static getRoutes(java.lang.Object)
  p    public static isGroupable(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteGroup (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$h)
===============================================================================
  p    public static getGroupedRoutes(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$RouteInfo  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$u)
===============================================================================
  b        public static requestUpdateVolume(java.lang.Object,int)
  e        public static isGroup(java.lang.Object)
  eval_p   public static getVolumeMax(java.lang.Object)
  eval_t   public static getPlaybackStream(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static getSupportedTypes(java.lang.Object)
  l        public static getIconDrawable(java.lang.Object)
  l        public static getName(java.lang.Object,android.content.Context)
  n        public static getTag(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static getVolumeHandling(java.lang.Object)
  p        public static getVolume(java.lang.Object)
  r        public static setTag(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  t        public static getPlaybackType(java.lang.Object)
  u        public static getGroup(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static getStatus(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static requestSetVolume(java.lang.Object,int)
  z        public static getCategory(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$SelectRouteWorkaround      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$i)
===============================================================================
  r    public selectRoute(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$UserRouteInfo      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$_)
===============================================================================
  eval_f   public static setVolume(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_s   public static setPlaybackStream(java.lang.Object,int)
  k        public static setPlaybackType(java.lang.Object,int)
  l        public static setStatus(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  m        public static setVolumeCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  o        public static setVolumeHandling(java.lang.Object,int)
  t        public static setIconDrawable(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t        public static setVolumeMax(java.lang.Object,int)
  u        public static setRemoteControlClient(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  z        public static setName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$VolumeCallback     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$v)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onVolumeUpdateRequest(java.lang.Object,int)
  c    public abstract onVolumeSetRequest(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybean$VolumeCallbackProxy        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h9$x)
===============================================================================
  onVolumeSetRequest       public onVolumeSetRequest(android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo,int)
  onVolumeUpdateRequest    public onVolumeUpdateRequest(android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo,int)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ck)
===============================================================================
  g    public static createCallback(android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$Callback)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$ActiveScanWorkaround    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ck$k)
===============================================================================
  t    public setActiveScanRouteTypes(int)
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$Callback        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ck$_)
===============================================================================
  u    public abstract onRoutePresentationDisplayChanged(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$CallbackProxy   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ck$g)
===============================================================================
  onRoutePresentationDisplayChanged    public onRoutePresentationDisplayChanged(android.media.MediaRouter,android.media.MediaRouter$RouteInfo)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$IsConnectingWorkaround  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ck$f)
===============================================================================
  l    public isConnecting(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr1$RouteInfo       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ck$v)
===============================================================================
  d    public static isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  g    public static getPresentationDisplay(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zy)
===============================================================================
  g    public static addCallback(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.Object,int)
  t    public static getDefaultRoute(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$RouteInfo       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zy$n)
===============================================================================
  d    public static isConnecting(java.lang.Object)
  x    public static getDescription(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.routing.MediaRouterJellybeanMr2$UserRouteInfo   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zy$q)
===============================================================================
  b    public static setDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kw)
===============================================================================
  eval_o   public abstract onQueueTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  g        public abstract onExtrasChanged(android.os.Bundle)
  g        public abstract onVolumeInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  i        public abstract onMetadataChanged(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  l        public abstract onPlaybackStateChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  o        public abstract onEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  r        public abstract onSessionDestroyed()
  u        public abstract onQueueChanged(java.util.List)

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$ParseException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kw$h)
===============================================================================
  eval_o       public abstract onQueueTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  g            public abstract onExtrasChanged(android.os.Bundle)
  g            public abstract onVolumeInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  h            public static asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
  i            public abstract onMetadataChanged(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  l            public abstract onPlaybackStateChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  o            public abstract onEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  r            public abstract onSessionDestroyed()
  u            public abstract onQueueChanged(java.util.List)
  asBinder     public asBinder()
  onTransact   public onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub$ParseException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback$Stub$Proxy     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kw$h$p)
===============================================================================
  eval_o   public onQueueTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_z   public getInterfaceDescriptor()
  g        public onExtrasChanged(android.os.Bundle)
  g        public onVolumeInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  i        public onMetadataChanged(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  l        public onPlaybackStateChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  o        public onEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  r        public onSessionDestroyed()
  u        public onQueueChanged(java.util.List)
  asBinder public asBinder()

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_eu)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract fastForward()
  a        public abstract setVolumeTo(int,int,java.lang.String)
  b        public abstract getExtras()
  b        public abstract unregisterCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  c        public abstract rate(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  c        public abstract sendMediaButton(android.view.KeyEvent)
  d        public abstract getLaunchPendingIntent()
  d        public abstract registerCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  eval_b   public abstract getPlaybackState()
  eval_h   public abstract getQueueTitle()
  eval_l   public abstract getPackageName()
  eval_q   public abstract stop()
  eval_v   public abstract previous()
  eval_x   public abstract getRatingType()
  f        public abstract isTransportControlEnabled()
  h        public abstract getTag()
  k        public abstract next()
  k        public abstract sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  n        public abstract getQueue()
  o        public abstract play()
  p        public abstract getFlags()
  p        public abstract playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  q        public abstract adjustVolume(int,int,java.lang.String)
  r        public abstract getVolumeAttributes()
  s        public abstract playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  t        public abstract skipToQueueItem(long)
  u        public abstract sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper)
  w        public abstract getMetadata()
  x        public abstract seekTo(long)
  y        public abstract rewind()
  z        public abstract pause()

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_eu$t)
===============================================================================
  a            public abstract fastForward()
  a            public abstract setVolumeTo(int,int,java.lang.String)
  b            public abstract getExtras()
  b            public abstract unregisterCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  c            public abstract rate(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  c            public abstract sendMediaButton(android.view.KeyEvent)
  d            public abstract getLaunchPendingIntent()
  d            public abstract registerCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  eval_b       public abstract getPlaybackState()
  eval_h       public abstract getQueueTitle()
  eval_l       public abstract getPackageName()
  eval_q       public abstract stop()
  eval_v       public abstract previous()
  eval_x       public abstract getRatingType()
  f            public abstract isTransportControlEnabled()
  h            public abstract getTag()
  k            public abstract next()
  k            public abstract sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  m            public static asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
  n            public abstract getQueue()
  o            public abstract play()
  p            public abstract getFlags()
  p            public abstract playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  q            public abstract adjustVolume(int,int,java.lang.String)
  r            public abstract getVolumeAttributes()
  s            public abstract playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  t            public abstract skipToQueueItem(long)
  u            public abstract sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper)
  w            public abstract getMetadata()
  x            public abstract seekTo(long)
  y            public abstract rewind()
  z            public abstract pause()
  asBinder     public asBinder()
  onTransact   public onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaSession$Stub$Proxy        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_eu$t$m)
===============================================================================
  a        public fastForward()
  a        public setVolumeTo(int,int,java.lang.String)
  b        public getExtras()
  b        public unregisterCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  c        public rate(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  c        public sendMediaButton(android.view.KeyEvent)
  d        public getLaunchPendingIntent()
  d        public registerCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  eval_b   public getPlaybackState()
  eval_h   public getQueueTitle()
  eval_l   public getPackageName()
  eval_q   public stop()
  eval_v   public previous()
  eval_x   public getRatingType()
  f        public isTransportControlEnabled()
  h        public getTag()
  k        public next()
  k        public sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  l        public getInterfaceDescriptor()
  n        public getQueue()
  o        public play()
  p        public getFlags()
  p        public playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  q        public adjustVolume(int,int,java.lang.String)
  r        public getVolumeAttributes()
  s        public playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  t        public skipToQueueItem(long)
  u        public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper)
  w        public getMetadata()
  x        public seekTo(long)
  y        public rewind()
  z        public pause()
  asBinder public asBinder()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq)
===============================================================================
  a        public registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  d        public getMetadata()
  e        public getPackageName()
  e        public registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  eval_c   public getRatingType()
  eval_g   public getSessionActivity()
  eval_j   public getSessionToken()
  f        public setVolumeTo(int,int)
  i        public getExtras()
  k        public adjustVolume(int,int)
  l        public getPlaybackInfo()
  l        public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  m        public getQueue()
  q        public getTransportControls()
  q        public unregisterCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  t        public getQueueTitle()
  v        public getPlaybackState()
  w        public getFlags()
  y        public getMediaController()
  y        public dispatchMediaButtonEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$r)
===============================================================================
  a            public onMetadataChanged(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  a            public onQueueTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  c            public onPlaybackStateChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  d            static access$302(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,boolean)
  e            static access$300(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  f            static access$500(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  h            public onExtrasChanged(android.os.Bundle)
  i            public onAudioInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$PlaybackInfo)
  j            public onQueueChanged(java.util.List)
  k            private setHandler(android.os.Handler)
  m            public onSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  n            public onSessionDestroyed()
  t            static access$400(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  x            static access$200(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  binderDied   public binderDied()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$IOException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$MessageHandler   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$r$v)
===============================================================================
  o                public post(int,java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$StubApi21        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$r$c)
===============================================================================
  h    public onSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  j    public onMetadataChanged(java.lang.Object)
  l    public onSessionDestroyed()
  s    public onPlaybackStateChanged(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback$StubCompat       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$r$l)
===============================================================================
  eval_o   public onQueueTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  g        public onExtrasChanged(android.os.Bundle)
  g        public onVolumeInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  i        public onMetadataChanged(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  l        public onPlaybackStateChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  o        public onEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  r        public onSessionDestroyed()
  u        public onQueueChanged(java.util.List)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Exception (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ov)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImpl       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$b)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getExtras()
  b        public abstract getPlaybackInfo()
  c        public abstract setVolumeTo(int,int)
  eval_c   public abstract getPackageName()
  eval_d   public abstract getQueue()
  eval_e   public abstract getQueueTitle()
  i        public abstract getFlags()
  n        public abstract getTransportControls()
  n        public abstract registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  o        public abstract sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  q        public abstract adjustVolume(int,int)
  r        public abstract getSessionActivity()
  s        public abstract getPlaybackState()
  t        public abstract getMediaController()
  t        public abstract unregisterCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  t        public abstract dispatchMediaButtonEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  v        public abstract getRatingType()
  x        public abstract getMetadata()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplApi21  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$h)
===============================================================================
  a        public getExtras()
  b        public getPlaybackInfo()
  c        public setVolumeTo(int,int)
  eval_c   public getPackageName()
  eval_d   public getQueue()
  eval_e   public getQueueTitle()
  i        public getFlags()
  n        public getTransportControls()
  n        public registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  o        public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  q        public adjustVolume(int,int)
  r        public getSessionActivity()
  s        public getPlaybackState()
  t        public getMediaController()
  t        public unregisterCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  t        public dispatchMediaButtonEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  v        public getRatingType()
  x        public getMetadata()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplBase   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$u)
===============================================================================
  a        public getExtras()
  b        public getPlaybackInfo()
  c        public setVolumeTo(int,int)
  eval_c   public getPackageName()
  eval_d   public getQueue()
  eval_e   public getQueueTitle()
  i        public getFlags()
  n        public getTransportControls()
  n        public registerCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  o        public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  q        public adjustVolume(int,int)
  r        public getSessionActivity()
  s        public getPlaybackState()
  t        public getMediaController()
  t        public unregisterCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$Callback)
  t        public dispatchMediaButtonEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  v        public getRatingType()
  x        public getMetadata()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$PlaybackInfo      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$y)
===============================================================================
  a    public getMaxVolume()
  g    public getAudioStream()
  p    public getVolumeControl()
  x    public getPlaybackType()
  y    public getCurrentVolume()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControls (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$p)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract skipToQueueItem(long)
  eval_s   public abstract skipToNext()
  g        public abstract rewind()
  g        public abstract playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  h        public abstract play()
  n        public abstract seekTo(long)
  p        public abstract skipToPrevious()
  p        public abstract sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  q        public abstract setRating(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  r        public abstract stop()
  r        public abstract sendCustomAction(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction,android.os.Bundle)
  t        public abstract fastForward()
  v        public abstract pause()
  y        public abstract playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControlsApi21    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$eval_x)
===============================================================================
  c        public skipToQueueItem(long)
  eval_s   public skipToNext()
  g        public rewind()
  g        public playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  h        public play()
  n        public seekTo(long)
  p        public skipToPrevious()
  p        public sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  q        public setRating(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  r        public stop()
  r        public sendCustomAction(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction,android.os.Bundle)
  t        public fastForward()
  v        public pause()
  y        public playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$TransportControlsBase     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zq$d)
===============================================================================
  c        public skipToQueueItem(long)
  eval_s   public skipToNext()
  g        public rewind()
  g        public playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  h        public play()
  n        public seekTo(long)
  p        public skipToPrevious()
  p        public sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  q        public setRating(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  r        public stop()
  r        public sendCustomAction(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction,android.os.Bundle)
  t        public fastForward()
  v        public pause()
  y        public playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bx)
===============================================================================
  eval_m   public static createCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Callback)
  eval_p   public static getPlaybackInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public static getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  g        public static getFlags(java.lang.Object)
  i        public static fromToken(android.content.Context,java.lang.Object)
  j        public static getQueue(java.lang.Object)
  k        public static getQueueTitle(java.lang.Object)
  l        public static getRatingType(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static adjustVolume(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  r        public static getExtras(java.lang.Object)
  s        public static getMetadata(java.lang.Object)
  t        public static getTransportControls(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static registerCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,android.os.Handler)
  x        public static getSessionActivity(java.lang.Object)
  y        public static getPlaybackState(java.lang.Object)
  y        public static sendCommand(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  z        public static dispatchMediaButtonEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.KeyEvent)
  z        public static setVolumeTo(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  z        public static unregisterCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Callback     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bx$w)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract onSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  j    public abstract onMetadataChanged(java.lang.Object)
  l    public abstract onSessionDestroyed()
  s    public abstract onPlaybackStateChanged(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$CallbackProxy        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bx$_)
===============================================================================
  onMetadataChanged        public onMetadataChanged(android.media.MediaMetadata)
  onPlaybackStateChanged   public onPlaybackStateChanged(android.media.session.PlaybackState)
  onSessionDestroyed       public onSessionDestroyed()
  onSessionEvent           public onSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$Exception    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$PlaybackInfo (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bx$y)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public static getCurrentVolume(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static getPlaybackType(java.lang.Object)
  g        private static toLegacyStreamType(android.media.AudioAttributes)
  n        public static getVolumeControl(java.lang.Object)
  s        public static getLegacyAudioStream(java.lang.Object)
  t        public static getAudioAttributes(java.lang.Object)
  u        public static getMaxVolume(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompatApi21$TransportControls    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bx$u)
===============================================================================
  a        public static skipToPrevious(java.lang.Object)
  b        public static playFromSearch(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  e        public static playFromMediaId(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_i   public static stop(java.lang.Object)
  i        public static rewind(java.lang.Object)
  j        public static sendCustomAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  k        public static play(java.lang.Object)
  l        public static fastForward(java.lang.Object)
  m        public static skipToQueueItem(java.lang.Object,long)
  p        public static seekTo(java.lang.Object,long)
  q        public static pause(java.lang.Object)
  t        public static skipToNext(java.lang.Object)
  x        public static setRating(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz)
===============================================================================
  a        public setPlaybackToLocal(int)
  b        public getSessionToken()
  b        public setSessionActivity(android.app.PendingIntent)
  b        public setPlaybackState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  eval_u   public getController()
  f        public setMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  h        public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback)
  h        public setFlags(int)
  i        public isActive()
  j        public setRatingType(int)
  k        public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  k        public setQueue(java.util.List)
  m        public getMediaSession()
  n        public removeOnActiveChangeListener(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$OnActiveChangeListener)
  p        public setPlaybackToRemote(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)
  r        public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  u        public static obtain(android.content.Context,java.lang.Object)
  v        public release()
  x        public setQueueTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y        public getRemoteControlClient()
  y        public setActive(boolean)
  y        public sendSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  z        public setMediaButtonReceiver(android.app.PendingIntent)
  z        public addOnActiveChangeListener(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$OnActiveChangeListener)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$h)
===============================================================================
  b    public onPlay()
  b    public onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  c    public onFastForward()
  d    public onSkipToQueueItem(long)
  m    public onPlayFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  n    public onSkipToNext()
  o    public onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  p    public onCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  q    public onSetRating(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  r    public onStop()
  s    public onRewind()
  s    public onSeekTo(long)
  v    public onPlayFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  w    public onPause()
  x    public onSkipToPrevious()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$NullPointerException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback$StubApi21   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$h$_)
===============================================================================
  b        public onFastForward()
  eval_k   public onSeekTo(long)
  eval_p   public onRewind()
  eval_r   public onStop()
  h        public onSkipToPrevious()
  j        public onPlayFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  m        public onPlayFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  p        public onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  q        public onPause()
  r        public onSetRating(java.lang.Object)
  r        public onSkipToQueueItem(long)
  t        public onPlay()
  y        public onSkipToNext()
  y        public onCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  y        public onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImpl     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$x)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract setMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  b    public abstract setPlaybackToRemote(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)
  c    public abstract release()
  c    public abstract setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  c    public abstract setFlags(int)
  f    public abstract setRatingType(int)
  h    public abstract setActive(boolean)
  j    public abstract setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  j    public abstract sendSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  k    public abstract getSessionToken()
  l    public abstract setPlaybackToLocal(int)
  o    public abstract getRemoteControlClient()
  p    public abstract setSessionActivity(android.app.PendingIntent)
  q    public abstract setPlaybackState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  s    public abstract getMediaSession()
  s    public abstract setMediaButtonReceiver(android.app.PendingIntent)
  u    public abstract setQueueTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v    public abstract isActive()
  v    public abstract setQueue(java.util.List)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplApi21        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$r)
===============================================================================
  a    public setMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  b    public setPlaybackToRemote(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)
  c    public release()
  c    public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  c    public setFlags(int)
  f    public setRatingType(int)
  h    public setActive(boolean)
  j    public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  j    public sendSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  k    public getSessionToken()
  l    public setPlaybackToLocal(int)
  o    public getRemoteControlClient()
  p    public setSessionActivity(android.app.PendingIntent)
  q    public setPlaybackState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  s    public getMediaSession()
  s    public setMediaButtonReceiver(android.app.PendingIntent)
  u    public setQueueTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v    public isActive()
  v    public setQueue(java.util.List)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$_)
===============================================================================
  a        public setMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  a        static access$2000(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  a        static access$1600(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase,int,int)
  b        private update()
  b        public setPlaybackToRemote(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)
  c        public release()
  c        public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  c        public setFlags(int)
  c        private setVolumeTo(int,int)
  e        static access$1800(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  eval_p   static access$2200(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  eval_t   static access$800(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  eval_u   private getStateWithUpdatedPosition()
  eval_w   static access$2100(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  eval_x   private sendSessionDestroyed()
  f        public setRatingType(int)
  f        private sendEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  g        static access$1000(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  g        private sendQueueTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  g        private sendQueue(java.util.List)
  h        static access$1200(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  h        public setActive(boolean)
  i        static access$300(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  j        public setCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Callback,android.os.Handler)
  j        public sendSessionEvent(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  k        public getSessionToken()
  k        static access$1300(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  l        public setPlaybackToLocal(int)
  o        public getRemoteControlClient()
  o        static access$700(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  p        public setSessionActivity(android.app.PendingIntent)
  p        static access$1100(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  q        static access$1900(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  q        static access$500(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase,android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  q        public setPlaybackState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  r        static access$200(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  r        static access$1700(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase,int,int)
  s        public getMediaSession()
  s        public setMediaButtonReceiver(android.app.PendingIntent)
  s        static access$1400(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  t        private sendVolumeInfoChanged(android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo)
  u        static access$2400(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  u        public setQueueTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v        public isActive()
  v        static access$2300(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  v        private sendState(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  v        public setQueue(java.util.List)
  w        static access$1500(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  x        static access$900(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)
  x        private adjustVolume(int,int)
  z        private sendMetadata(android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat)
  z        static access$400(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$_$1)
===============================================================================
  eval_l   public onVolumeChanged(android.support.v4.media.VolumeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$2       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$_$2)
===============================================================================
  a    public onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  g    public onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  h    public onSkipToPrevious()
  i    public onFastForward()
  k    public onPause()
  l    public onSkipToNext()
  o    public onPlay()
  q    public onStop()
  u    public onRewind()
  v    public onSetRating(java.lang.Object)
  w    public onSeekTo(long)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$Command (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$_$g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$MediaSessionStub        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$_$w)
===============================================================================
  a        public fastForward()
  a        public setVolumeTo(int,int,java.lang.String)
  b        public getExtras()
  b        public unregisterCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  c        public rate(android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat)
  c        public sendMediaButton(android.view.KeyEvent)
  d        public getLaunchPendingIntent()
  d        public registerCallbackListener(android.support.v4.media.session.IMediaControllerCallback)
  eval_b   public getPlaybackState()
  eval_h   public getQueueTitle()
  eval_l   public getPackageName()
  eval_q   public stop()
  eval_v   public previous()
  eval_x   public getRatingType()
  f        public isTransportControlEnabled()
  h        public getTag()
  k        public next()
  k        public sendCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  n        public getQueue()
  o        public play()
  p        public getFlags()
  p        public playFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  q        public adjustVolume(int,int,java.lang.String)
  r        public getVolumeAttributes()
  s        public playFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  t        public skipToQueueItem(long)
  u        public sendCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper)
  w        public getMetadata()
  x        public seekTo(long)
  y        public rewind()
  z        public pause()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$MessageHandler  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$_$r)
===============================================================================
  d                public post(int,java.lang.Object)
  k                public post(int,java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  t                public post(int)
  w                public post(int,java.lang.Object,int)
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$MediaSessionImplBase$ParseException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$OnActiveChangeListener       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$q)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onActiveChanged()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$y)
===============================================================================
  a                public getQueueId()
  c                public getDescription()
  p                public static obtain(java.lang.Object)
  q                public getQueueItem()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem$1  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$y$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$e)
===============================================================================
  e                static access$600(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$e$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper$IOException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$t)
===============================================================================
  i                public static fromToken(java.lang.Object)
  n                public getToken()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vz$t$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token$ParseException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ev)
===============================================================================
  d    public static createRemoteControlClient(android.app.PendingIntent)
  f    public static unregisterRemoteControlClient(android.content.Context,java.lang.Object)
  h    static getRccStateFromState(int)
  q    static buildOldMetadata(android.os.Bundle,android.media.RemoteControlClient$MetadataEditor)
  t    public static registerRemoteControlClient(android.content.Context,java.lang.Object)
  t    public static setMetadata(java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  u    public static setState(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14$Callback        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ev$v)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  g    public abstract onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  h    public abstract onSkipToPrevious()
  i    public abstract onFastForward()
  k    public abstract onPause()
  l    public abstract onSkipToNext()
  o    public abstract onPlay()
  q    public abstract onStop()
  u    public abstract onRewind()
  v    public abstract onSetRating(java.lang.Object)
  w    public abstract onSeekTo(long)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cw)
===============================================================================
  d    public static registerMediaButtonEventReceiver(android.content.Context,android.app.PendingIntent)
  d    public static createPlaybackPositionUpdateListener(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14$Callback)
  e    public static unregisterMediaButtonEventReceiver(android.content.Context,android.app.PendingIntent)
  p    public static setState(java.lang.Object,int,long,float,long)
  v    public static setOnPlaybackPositionUpdateListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi18$OnPlaybackPositionUpdateListener        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cw$t)
===============================================================================
  onPlaybackPositionUpdate public onPlaybackPositionUpdate(long)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gt)
===============================================================================
  d    public static setMetadata(java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle,boolean)
  i    static addNewMetadata(android.os.Bundle,android.media.RemoteControlClient$MetadataEditor)
  k    public static createMetadataUpdateListener(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi14$Callback)
  w    public static setOnMetadataUpdateListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi19$OnMetadataUpdateListener        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gt$i)
===============================================================================
  onMetadataUpdate public onMetadataUpdate(int,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iw)
===============================================================================
  a        public static release(java.lang.Object)
  a        public static setMediaButtonReceiver(java.lang.Object,android.app.PendingIntent)
  a        public static setExtras(java.lang.Object,android.os.Bundle)
  a        public static setActive(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  a        public static setPlaybackToLocal(java.lang.Object,int)
  b        public static setFlags(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_h   public static verifyToken(java.lang.Object)
  h        public static getSessionToken(java.lang.Object)
  h        public static sendSessionEvent(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  j        public static setPlaybackToRemote(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  k        public static verifySession(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static isActive(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static setCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,android.os.Handler)
  o        public static setQueue(java.lang.Object,java.util.List)
  p        public static createSession(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  q        public static setSessionActivity(java.lang.Object,android.app.PendingIntent)
  v        public static createCallback(android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$Callback)
  v        public static setPlaybackState(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  x        public static setQueueTitle(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  z        public static setMetadata(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$Callback        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iw$j)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract onFastForward()
  eval_k   public abstract onSeekTo(long)
  eval_p   public abstract onRewind()
  eval_r   public abstract onStop()
  h        public abstract onSkipToPrevious()
  j        public abstract onPlayFromSearch(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  m        public abstract onPlayFromMediaId(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  p        public abstract onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  q        public abstract onPause()
  r        public abstract onSetRating(java.lang.Object)
  r        public abstract onSkipToQueueItem(long)
  t        public abstract onPlay()
  y        public abstract onSkipToNext()
  y        public abstract onCustomAction(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
  y        public abstract onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$CallbackProxy   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iw$_)
===============================================================================
  onCommand            public onCommand(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle,android.os.ResultReceiver)
  onFastForward        public onFastForward()
  onMediaButtonEvent   public onMediaButtonEvent(android.content.Intent)
  onPause              public onPause()
  onPlay               public onPlay()
  onRewind             public onRewind()
  onSeekTo             public onSeekTo(long)
  onSetRating          public onSetRating(android.media.Rating)
  onSkipToNext         public onSkipToNext()
  onSkipToPrevious     public onSkipToPrevious()
  onStop               public onStop()

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi21$QueueItem       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iw$e)
===============================================================================
  l    public static createItem(java.lang.Object,long)
  w    public static getQueueId(java.lang.Object)
  x    public static getDescription(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi22 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bd)
===============================================================================
  s    public static setRatingType(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi22$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi8  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yx)
===============================================================================
  b    public static registerMediaButtonEventReceiver(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName)
  s    public static unregisterMediaButtonEventReceiver(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompatApi8$NullPointerException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ql)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_au)
===============================================================================
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo$1  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_au$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ju)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e2)
===============================================================================
  a                public getPlaybackState()
  d                public getPlaybackSpeed()
  d                static access$700(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  e                public getBufferedPosition()
  eval_f           public getLastPositionUpdateTime()
  eval_q           static access$900(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  h                public getActions()
  n                static access$500(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  o                public getPosition()
  p                static access$300(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  r                public getErrorMessage()
  v                static access$400(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  v                public static fromPlaybackState(java.lang.Object)
  x                public getState()
  y                static access$800(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  z                static access$600(android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e2$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$Builder     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e2$f)
===============================================================================
  a        public setState(int,long,float)
  c        public setActions(long)
  e        public setBufferedPosition(long)
  eval_m   public setErrorMessage(java.lang.CharSequence)
  h        public setState(int,long,float,long)
  k        public build()

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e2$o)
===============================================================================
  j                public getExtras()
  q                public getIcon()
  w                public getAction()
  y                public getName()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e2$o$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$Builder        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e2$o$a)
===============================================================================
  c    public setExtras(android.os.Bundle)
  m    public build()

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction$NullPointerException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ce)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gn)
===============================================================================
  b        public static getPosition(java.lang.Object)
  eval_n   public static getErrorMessage(java.lang.Object)
  g        public static getLastPositionUpdateTime(java.lang.Object)
  i        public static getPlaybackSpeed(java.lang.Object)
  j        public static getBufferedPosition(java.lang.Object)
  m        public static newInstance(int,long,long,float,long,java.lang.CharSequence,long)
  m        public static getState(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static getActions(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompatApi21$ParseException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zw)
===============================================================================
  d    public static isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)
  w    public static getNetworkInfoFromBroadcast(android.net.ConnectivityManager,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$BaseConnectivityManagerCompatImpl       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zw$i)
===============================================================================
  o    public isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$ConnectivityManagerCompatImpl   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zw$o)
===============================================================================
  o    public abstract isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$GingerbreadConnectivityManagerCompatImpl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zw$y)
===============================================================================
  o    public isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$HoneycombMR2ConnectivityManagerCompatImpl       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zw$t)
===============================================================================
  o    public isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompat$JellyBeanConnectivityManagerCompatImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zw$k)
===============================================================================
  o    public isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatGingerbread      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p5)
===============================================================================
  d    public static isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatGingerbread$Exception    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatHoneycombMR2     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tj)
===============================================================================
  t    public static isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatHoneycombMR2$NullPointerException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatJellyBean        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_eg)
===============================================================================
  v    public static isActiveNetworkMetered(android.net.ConnectivityManager)

android.support.v4.net.ConnectivityManagerCompatJellyBean$ParseException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ds)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d2)
===============================================================================
  g    public static tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  m    public static incrementOperationCount(int,int)
  o    public static incrementOperationCount(int)
  t    public static setThreadStatsTag(int)
  v    public static getThreadStatsTag()
  w    public static untagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  x    public static clearThreadStatsTag()

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d2$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d2$r)
===============================================================================
  b    public incrementOperationCount(int,int)
  c    public tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  e    public getThreadStatsTag()
  k    public untagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  m    public clearThreadStatsTag()
  t    public incrementOperationCount(int)
  x    public setThreadStatsTag(int)

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d2$r$1)
===============================================================================
  initialValue protected initialValue()
  initialValue protected volatile initialValue()

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$IOException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$BaseTrafficStatsCompatImpl$SocketTags  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d2$r$a)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$IcsTrafficStatsCompatImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d2$_)
===============================================================================
  b    public incrementOperationCount(int,int)
  c    public tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  e    public getThreadStatsTag()
  k    public untagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  m    public clearThreadStatsTag()
  t    public incrementOperationCount(int)
  x    public setThreadStatsTag(int)

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompat$TrafficStatsCompatImpl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d2$w)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract incrementOperationCount(int,int)
  c    public abstract tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  e    public abstract getThreadStatsTag()
  k    public abstract untagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  m    public abstract clearThreadStatsTag()
  t    public abstract incrementOperationCount(int)
  x    public abstract setThreadStatsTag(int)

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompatIcs     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xz)
===============================================================================
  e    public static clearThreadStatsTag()
  f    public static setThreadStatsTag(int)
  f    public static untagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  h    public static incrementOperationCount(int)
  p    public static tagSocket(java.net.Socket)
  r    public static getThreadStatsTag()
  x    public static incrementOperationCount(int,int)

android.support.v4.net.TrafficStatsCompatIcs$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ct)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompat    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j7)
===============================================================================
  x    public static transient executeParallel(android.os.AsyncTask,java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompat$ParseException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompatHoneycomb   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sm)
===============================================================================
  z    static transient executeParallel(android.os.AsyncTask,java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.os.AsyncTaskCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompat  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z7)
===============================================================================
  i    public static getStorageState(java.io.File)

android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompat$Exception        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ot)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompatKitKat    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ws)
===============================================================================
  p    public static getStorageState(java.io.File)

android.support.v4.os.EnvironmentCompatKitKat$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bz)
===============================================================================
  e    public static newCreator(android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat$CompatCreator     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bz$v)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompat$IOException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xq)
===============================================================================
  e        public abstract newArray(int)
  eval_x   public abstract createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks$Exception (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hm)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  newArray         public newArray(int)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2$ParseException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2Stub    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ee)
===============================================================================
  i    static instantiate(android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorCallbacks)

android.support.v4.os.ParcelableCompatCreatorHoneycombMR2Stub$ArrayOutOfBoundsException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zm)
===============================================================================
  b    public setColorMode(int)
  i    public getColorMode()
  j    public static systemSupportsPrint()
  j    public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  l    public getOrientation()
  o    public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri)
  r    public setOrientation(int)
  t    public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap)
  u    public setScaleMode(int)
  u    public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  y    public getScaleMode()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zm$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zm$s)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract onFinish()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zm$j)
===============================================================================
  eval_n   public getScaleMode()
  eval_z   public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  f        public setScaleMode(int)
  i        public setColorMode(int)
  l        public getOrientation()
  p        public setOrientation(int)
  t        public getColorMode()
  y        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zm$j$1)
===============================================================================
  k    public onFinish()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$2     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zm$j$2)
===============================================================================
  k    public onFinish()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperKitkatImpl$IOException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ld)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperStubImpl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zm$g)
===============================================================================
  eval_n   public getScaleMode()
  eval_z   public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  f        public setScaleMode(int)
  i        public setColorMode(int)
  l        public getOrientation()
  p        public setOrientation(int)
  t        public getColorMode()
  y        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$PrintHelperVersionImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zm$c)
===============================================================================
  eval_n   public abstract getScaleMode()
  eval_z   public abstract printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  f        public abstract setScaleMode(int)
  i        public abstract setColorMode(int)
  l        public abstract getOrientation()
  p        public abstract setOrientation(int)
  t        public abstract getColorMode()
  y        public abstract printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelper$OnPrintFinishCallback)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sk)
===============================================================================
  a        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$OnPrintFinishCallback)
  c        public setScaleMode(int)
  e        public setOrientation(int)
  e        private getMatrix(int,int,android.graphics.RectF,int)
  eval_h   public getScaleMode()
  eval_p   static access$000(android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat,int,int,android.graphics.RectF,int)
  i        private loadBitmap(android.net.Uri,android.graphics.BitmapFactory$Options)
  i        private loadConstrainedBitmap(android.net.Uri,int)
  m        public getOrientation()
  n        public getColorMode()
  o        public setColorMode(int)
  s        static access$300(android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat)
  t        static access$200(android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat,android.net.Uri,int)
  y        public printBitmap(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$OnPrintFinishCallback)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sk$1)
===============================================================================
  onFinish public onFinish()
  onLayout public onLayout(android.print.PrintAttributes,android.print.PrintAttributes,android.os.CancellationSignal,android.print.PrintDocumentAdapter$LayoutResultCallback,android.os.Bundle)
  onWrite  public onWrite(android.print.PageRange[],android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor,android.os.CancellationSignal,android.print.PrintDocumentAdapter$WriteResultCallback)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sk$2)
===============================================================================
  i        static access$100(android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2)
  y        private cancelLoad()
  onFinish public onFinish()
  onLayout public onLayout(android.print.PrintAttributes,android.print.PrintAttributes,android.os.CancellationSignal,android.print.PrintDocumentAdapter$LayoutResultCallback,android.os.Bundle)
  onWrite  public onWrite(android.print.PageRange[],android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor,android.os.CancellationSignal,android.print.PrintDocumentAdapter$WriteResultCallback)

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sk$2$1)
===============================================================================
  b                protected transient doInBackground(android.net.Uri[])
  eval_r           protected onCancelled(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  y                protected onPostExecute(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  doInBackground   protected volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  onCancelled      protected volatile onCancelled(java.lang.Object)
  onPostExecute    protected volatile onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
  onPreExecute     protected onPreExecute()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sk$2$1$1)
===============================================================================
  onCancel public onCancel()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$2$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ou)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$OnPrintFinishCallback (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sk$t)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract onFinish()

android.support.v4.print.PrintHelperKitkat$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentFile (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s1)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract delete()
  b        public abstract lastModified()
  b        public static fromSingleUri(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  c        public abstract getUri()
  d        public abstract exists()
  e        public getParentFile()
  eval_d   public abstract listFiles()
  eval_f   public abstract canWrite()
  eval_j   public abstract length()
  f        public abstract getName()
  f        public abstract renameTo(java.lang.String)
  j        public findFile(java.lang.String)
  l        public static fromTreeUri(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  n        public abstract isDirectory()
  n        public abstract createDirectory(java.lang.String)
  p        public abstract createFile(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  q        public static fromFile(java.io.File)
  r        public static isDocumentUri(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  s        public abstract canRead()
  u        public abstract getType()
  v        public abstract isFile()

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentFile$NullPointerException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ca)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi19       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dn)
===============================================================================
  b        public static isFile(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  c        public static length(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  c        private static queryForLong(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,long)
  d        public static delete(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  eval_c   private static getRawType(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  eval_h   public static exists(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  eval_p   public static canWrite(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  f        public static getType(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  f        private static queryForString(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  g        public static getName(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  i        private static closeQuietly(java.lang.AutoCloseable)
  p        public static lastModified(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  p        private static queryForInt(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,int)
  q        public static isDocumentUri(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  s        public static canRead(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)
  x        public static isDirectory(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi19$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi21       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_na)
===============================================================================
  c    public static createDirectory(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String)
  j    public static prepareTreeUri(android.net.Uri)
  m    private static closeQuietly(java.lang.AutoCloseable)
  p    public static createFile(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  w    public static renameTo(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String)
  z    public static listFiles(android.content.Context,android.net.Uri)

android.support.v4.provider.DocumentsContractApi21$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ib)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.RawDocumentFile      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mc)
===============================================================================
  a        public delete()
  b        public lastModified()
  c        public getUri()
  d        public exists()
  eval_d   public listFiles()
  eval_f   public canWrite()
  eval_j   public length()
  eval_w   private static getTypeForName(java.lang.String)
  f        public getName()
  f        public renameTo(java.lang.String)
  n        public isDirectory()
  n        public createDirectory(java.lang.String)
  p        public createFile(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  s        public canRead()
  s        private static deleteContents(java.io.File)
  u        public getType()
  v        public isFile()

android.support.v4.provider.RawDocumentFile$IOException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.SingleDocumentFile   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t2)
===============================================================================
  a        public delete()
  b        public lastModified()
  c        public getUri()
  d        public exists()
  eval_d   public listFiles()
  eval_f   public canWrite()
  eval_j   public length()
  f        public getName()
  f        public renameTo(java.lang.String)
  n        public isDirectory()
  n        public createDirectory(java.lang.String)
  p        public createFile(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  s        public canRead()
  u        public getType()
  v        public isFile()

android.support.v4.provider.SingleDocumentFile$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.provider.TreeDocumentFile     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hz)
===============================================================================
  a        public delete()
  b        public lastModified()
  c        public getUri()
  d        public exists()
  eval_d   public listFiles()
  eval_f   public canWrite()
  eval_j   public length()
  f        public getName()
  f        public renameTo(java.lang.String)
  n        public isDirectory()
  n        public createDirectory(java.lang.String)
  p        public createFile(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  s        public canRead()
  u        public getType()
  v        public isFile()

android.support.v4.provider.TreeDocumentFile$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_po)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICS    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z2)
===============================================================================
  f    static construct(android.content.Context,android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech$OnInitListener,java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICS$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wx)
===============================================================================
  q    static getFeatures(android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech,java.util.Locale)
  y    static setUtteranceProgressListener(android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech,android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$UtteranceProgressListenerICSMR1)

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wx$1)
===============================================================================
  onDone   public onDone(java.lang.String)
  onError  public onError(java.lang.String)
  onStart  public onStart(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$2       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wx$2)
===============================================================================
  onUtteranceCompleted public onUtteranceCompleted(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ol)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.speech.tts.TextToSpeechICSMR1$UtteranceProgressListenerICSMR1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wx$q)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract onStart(java.lang.String)
  m    public abstract onDone(java.lang.String)
  w    public abstract onError(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hu)
===============================================================================
  b        public static getInstance()
  d        static access$200()
  eval_p   public static getInstance(java.util.Locale)
  eval_q   static access$300()
  f        private static getEntryDir(java.lang.String)
  g        static access$100()
  g        public unicodeWrap(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat,boolean)
  i        public isRtlContext()
  k        private static getExitDir(java.lang.String)
  k        public unicodeWrap(java.lang.String,boolean)
  m        static access$000(java.util.Locale)
  o        public getStereoReset()
  r        public unicodeWrap(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat)
  s        public static getInstance(boolean)
  u        public unicodeWrap(java.lang.String)
  u        private static isRtlLocale(java.util.Locale)
  w        private markBefore(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat)
  y        public isRtl(java.lang.String)
  y        private markAfter(java.lang.String,android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat)

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$1  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hu$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$Builder    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hu$t)
===============================================================================
  k    private static getDefaultInstanceFromContext(boolean)
  o    private initialize(boolean)
  r    public stereoReset(boolean)
  t    public build()
  z    public setTextDirectionHeuristic(android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat)

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$DirectionalityEstimator    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hu$x)
===============================================================================
  a    getEntryDir()
  i    dirTypeBackward()
  j    private static getCachedDirectionality(char)
  k    private skipEntityBackward()
  m    dirTypeForward()
  o    getExitDir()
  p    private skipTagForward()
  q    private skipTagBackward()
  s    private skipEntityForward()

android.support.v4.text.BidiFormatter$ParseException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nc)
===============================================================================
  u    public static getScript(java.lang.String)
  z    public static addLikelySubtags(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nc$y)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract getScript(java.lang.String)
  h    public abstract addLikelySubtags(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplBase      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nc$k)
===============================================================================
  f    public getScript(java.lang.String)
  h    public addLikelySubtags(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$ICUCompatImplIcs       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nc$h)
===============================================================================
  f    public getScript(java.lang.String)
  h    public addLikelySubtags(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompat$IOException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ig)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatIcs     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rd)
===============================================================================
  c    public static addLikelySubtags(java.lang.String)
  m    public static getScript(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.text.ICUCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tw)
===============================================================================
  n    public abstract isRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)
  y    public abstract isRtl(char[],int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicCompat$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t_)
===============================================================================
  e    private static isRtlText(int)
  g    static access$100(int)
  m    static access$200(int)
  z    private static isRtlTextOrFormat(int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$1  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t_$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$AnyStrong  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t_$j)
===============================================================================
  r    public checkRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$FirstStrong        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t_$p)
===============================================================================
  r    public checkRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionAlgorithm     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t_$o)
===============================================================================
  r    public abstract checkRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicImpl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t_$eval_r)
===============================================================================
  b    protected abstract defaultIsRtl()
  n    public isRtl(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)
  t    private doCheck(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int)
  y    public isRtl(char[],int,int)

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicInternal     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t_$w)
===============================================================================
  b    protected defaultIsRtl()

android.support.v4.text.TextDirectionHeuristicsCompat$TextDirectionHeuristicLocale       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t_$f)
===============================================================================
  b    protected defaultIsRtl()

android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fw)
===============================================================================
  i    private static getLayoutDirectionFromFirstChar(java.util.Locale)
  k    public static htmlEncode(java.lang.String)
  s    public static getLayoutDirectionFromLocale(java.util.Locale)

android.support.v4.text.TextUtilsCompat$Exception        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_go)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xs)
===============================================================================
  e        public containsAll(java.util.Collection)
  k        public retainAll(java.util.Collection)
  x        private getCollection()
  y        public removeAll(java.util.Collection)
  entrySet public entrySet()
  keySet   public keySet()
  putAll   public putAll(java.util.Map)
  values   public values()

android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap$1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xs$1)
===============================================================================
  a    protected colIndexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  j    protected colSetValue(int,java.lang.Object)
  n    protected colGetMap()
  o    protected colClear()
  q    protected colRemoveAt(int)
  s    protected colGetSize()
  u    protected colGetEntry(int,int)
  u    protected colPut(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  z    protected colIndexOfKey(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.ArrayMap$ParseException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.AtomicFile       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x9)
===============================================================================
  a    public readFully()
  h    public delete()
  p    public failWrite(java.io.FileOutputStream)
  q    static sync(java.io.FileOutputStream)
  t    public openRead()
  t    public finishWrite(java.io.FileOutputStream)
  u    public startWrite()
  x    public getBaseFile()

android.support.v4.util.AtomicFile$Exception     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_je)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.CircularArray    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fm)
===============================================================================
  a        public final popLast()
  b        public final popFirst()
  c        public final addFirst(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public final getFirst()
  g        private doubleCapacity()
  l        public final get(int)
  n        public final size()
  p        public final isEmpty()
  s        public final getLast()
  s        public final addLast(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.CircularArray$ParseException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.ContainerHelpers (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rb)
===============================================================================
  f    public static idealLongArraySize(int)
  f    static binarySearch(int[],int,int)
  p    public static equal(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  q    public static idealIntArraySize(int)
  y    public static idealByteArraySize(int)
  z    static binarySearch(long[],int,long)

android.support.v4.util.ContainerHelpers$NullPointerException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.DebugUtils       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tf)
===============================================================================
  v    public static buildShortClassTag(java.lang.Object,java.lang.StringBuilder)

android.support.v4.util.DebugUtils$Exception     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.LogWriter        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_if)
===============================================================================
  o        private flushBuilder()
  close    public close()
  flush    public flush()
  write    public write(char[],int,int)

android.support.v4.util.LogWriter$IOException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.LongSparseArray  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__v)
===============================================================================
  clone    public clone()
  d        public clear()
  e        public get(long,java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public get(long)
  g        public indexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  h        public setValueAt(int,java.lang.Object)
  m        public size()
  m        public removeAt(int)
  m        public delete(long)
  n        public indexOfKey(long)
  o        public append(long,java.lang.Object)
  p        public remove(long)
  r        public valueAt(int)
  t        public keyAt(int)
  w        private gc()
  y        public put(long,java.lang.Object)
  clone    public volatile clone()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.util.LongSparseArray$Exception        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.LruCache (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vm)
===============================================================================
  a        public final synchronized hitCount()
  a        protected entryRemoved(boolean,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  b        public final remove(java.lang.Object)
  e        public final synchronized snapshot()
  eval_g   public final synchronized evictionCount()
  eval_y   public trimToSize(int)
  f        public final synchronized putCount()
  h        public final synchronized createCount()
  h        private safeSizeOf(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  j        protected create(java.lang.Object)
  k        public final synchronized missCount()
  k        protected sizeOf(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  n        public final synchronized maxSize()
  n        public resize(int)
  q        public final evictAll()
  r        public final put(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  u        public final get(java.lang.Object)
  z        public final synchronized size()
  toString public final synchronized toString()

android.support.v4.util.LruCache$ParseException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u_)
===============================================================================
  a        public getKeySet()
  a        protected abstract colIndexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  b        public static containsAllHelper(java.util.Map,java.util.Collection)
  eval_i   public getValues()
  eval_v   public static equalsSetHelper(java.util.Set,java.lang.Object)
  g        public getEntrySet()
  j        protected abstract colSetValue(int,java.lang.Object)
  m        public toArrayHelper(java.lang.Object[],int)
  n        protected abstract colGetMap()
  o        protected abstract colClear()
  o        public static retainAllHelper(java.util.Map,java.util.Collection)
  q        protected abstract colRemoveAt(int)
  s        protected abstract colGetSize()
  t        public toArrayHelper(int)
  u        protected abstract colGetEntry(int,int)
  u        protected abstract colPut(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  z        protected abstract colIndexOfKey(java.lang.Object)
  z        public static removeAllHelper(java.util.Map,java.util.Collection)

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$ArrayIterator     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u_$o)
===============================================================================
  hasNext  public hasNext()
  next     public next()
  remove   public remove()

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$EntrySet  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u_$j)
===============================================================================
  c            public add(java.util.Map$Entry)
  add          public volatile add(java.lang.Object)
  addAll       public addAll(java.util.Collection)
  clear        public clear()
  contains     public contains(java.lang.Object)
  containsAll  public containsAll(java.util.Collection)
  equals       public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode     public hashCode()
  isEmpty      public isEmpty()
  iterator     public iterator()
  remove       public remove(java.lang.Object)
  removeAll    public removeAll(java.util.Collection)
  retainAll    public retainAll(java.util.Collection)
  size         public size()
  toArray      public toArray()
  toArray      public toArray(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$IOException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$KeySet    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u_$q)
===============================================================================
  add          public add(java.lang.Object)
  addAll       public addAll(java.util.Collection)
  clear        public clear()
  contains     public contains(java.lang.Object)
  containsAll  public containsAll(java.util.Collection)
  equals       public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode     public hashCode()
  isEmpty      public isEmpty()
  iterator     public iterator()
  remove       public remove(java.lang.Object)
  removeAll    public removeAll(java.util.Collection)
  retainAll    public retainAll(java.util.Collection)
  size         public size()
  toArray      public toArray()
  toArray      public toArray(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$MapIterator       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u_$t)
===============================================================================
  next     public next()
  equals   public final equals(java.lang.Object)
  getKey   public getKey()
  getValue public getValue()
  hasNext  public hasNext()
  hashCode public final hashCode()
  next     public volatile next()
  remove   public remove()
  setValue public setValue(java.lang.Object)
  toString public final toString()

android.support.v4.util.MapCollections$ValuesCollection  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u_$g)
===============================================================================
  add          public add(java.lang.Object)
  addAll       public addAll(java.util.Collection)
  clear        public clear()
  contains     public contains(java.lang.Object)
  containsAll  public containsAll(java.util.Collection)
  isEmpty      public isEmpty()
  iterator     public iterator()
  remove       public remove(java.lang.Object)
  removeAll    public removeAll(java.util.Collection)
  retainAll    public retainAll(java.util.Collection)
  size         public size()
  toArray      public toArray()
  toArray      public toArray(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v4.util.Pair     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n1)
===============================================================================
  a        private static objectsEqual(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  y        public static create(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()

android.support.v4.util.Pair$IOException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.Pools    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.Pools$Exception  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_me)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.Pools$Pool       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jq$t)
===============================================================================
  m    public abstract acquire()
  y    public abstract release(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.Pools$SimplePool (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jq$q)
===============================================================================
  i    private isInPool(java.lang.Object)
  m    public acquire()
  y    public release(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.Pools$SynchronizedPool   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jq$b)
===============================================================================
  m    public acquire()
  y    public release(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yv)
===============================================================================
  a                indexOfNull()
  a                public keyAt(int)
  f                public valueAt(int)
  h                private allocArrays(int)
  k                public indexOfKey(java.lang.Object)
  l                public putAll(android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap)
  l                public ensureCapacity(int)
  l                public setValueAt(int,java.lang.Object)
  q                indexOf(java.lang.Object,int)
  r                public removeAt(int)
  r                indexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  u                private static freeArrays(int[],java.lang.Object[],int)
  clear            public clear()
  containsKey      public containsKey(java.lang.Object)
  containsValue    public containsValue(java.lang.Object)
  equals           public equals(java.lang.Object)
  get              public get(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode         public hashCode()
  isEmpty          public isEmpty()
  put              public put(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  remove           public remove(java.lang.Object)
  size             public size()
  toString         public toString()

android.support.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap$IOException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.SparseArrayCompat        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tv)
===============================================================================
  b        public put(int,java.lang.Object)
  c        public get(int,java.lang.Object)
  clone    public clone()
  d        public remove(int)
  eval_f   public valueAt(int)
  eval_h   public indexOfKey(int)
  g        public setValueAt(int,java.lang.Object)
  i        public indexOfValue(java.lang.Object)
  j        public removeAtRange(int,int)
  k        public clear()
  n        private gc()
  n        public get(int)
  p        public size()
  p        public append(int,java.lang.Object)
  q        public delete(int)
  w        public removeAt(int)
  z        public keyAt(int)
  clone    public volatile clone()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.util.SparseArrayCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.util.TimeUtils        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wl)
===============================================================================
  b        public static formatDuration(long,java.lang.StringBuilder)
  d        public static formatDuration(long,long,java.io.PrintWriter)
  eval_v   private static accumField(int,int,boolean,int)
  g        private static formatDurationLocked(long,int)
  m        public static formatDuration(long,java.io.PrintWriter)
  p        private static printField(char[],int,char,int,boolean,int)
  r        public static formatDuration(long,java.io.PrintWriter,int)

android.support.v4.util.TimeUtils$IOException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tm)
===============================================================================
  b        public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  eval_f   public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  h        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  i        public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  n        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  p        public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  s        public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  s        public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  t        public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  z        getBridge()

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tm$w)
===============================================================================
  a        public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  d        public newAccessiblityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  eval_c   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  h        public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  i        public newAccessiblityDelegateDefaultImpl()
  o        public sendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  q        public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  r        public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  y        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl$1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tm$w$1)
===============================================================================
  d        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  eval_l   public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  eval_q   public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  g        public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  n        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  o        public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  s        public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateIcsImpl$NullPointerException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateImpl    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tm$g)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  c        public abstract performAccessibilityAction(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  d        public abstract newAccessiblityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  eval_c   public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  h        public abstract onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  i        public abstract newAccessiblityDelegateDefaultImpl()
  o        public abstract sendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  q        public abstract dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  r        public abstract onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  v        public abstract getAccessibilityNodeProvider(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  y        public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tm$n)
===============================================================================
  c    public performAccessibilityAction(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  d    public newAccessiblityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  v    public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tm$n$1)
===============================================================================
  b    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  c    public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  d    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  g    public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  j    public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  m    public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  u    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  w    public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  x    public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateJellyBeanImpl$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$AccessibilityDelegateStubImpl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tm$j)
===============================================================================
  a        public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  c        public performAccessibilityAction(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  d        public newAccessiblityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  eval_c   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  h        public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  i        public newAccessiblityDelegateDefaultImpl()
  o        public sendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  q        public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  r        public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  v        public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  y        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ci)
===============================================================================
  a        public static dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  a        public static onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  c        public static onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  eval_w   public static newAccessibilityDelegateDefaultImpl()
  h        public static sendAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  j        public static newAccessibilityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$AccessibilityDelegateBridge)
  o        public static sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  u        public static onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  w        public static onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ci$1)
===============================================================================
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onPopulateAccessibilityEvent     public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent  public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  sendAccessibilityEvent           public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked  public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$AccessibilityDelegateBridge       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ci$c)
===============================================================================
  d        public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  eval_l   public abstract sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  eval_q   public abstract onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  g        public abstract sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  n        public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  o        public abstract dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  s        public abstract onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatIcs$Exception (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ox)
===============================================================================
  h    public static getAccessibilityNodeProvider(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  i    public static performAccessibilityAction(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  j    public static newAccessibilityDelegateBridge(android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityDelegateBridgeJellyBean)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ox$1)
===============================================================================
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  getAccessibilityNodeProvider     public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onPopulateAccessibilityEvent     public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent  public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  performAccessibilityAction       public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  sendAccessibilityEvent           public sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked  public sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityDelegateBridgeJellyBean        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ox$i)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  c    public abstract onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  d    public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  g    public abstract performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  j    public abstract sendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,int)
  m    public abstract sendAccessibilityEventUnchecked(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  u    public abstract onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  w    public abstract getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  x    public abstract dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompatJellyBean$NullPointerException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_id)
===============================================================================
  b        public setVisibilityListener(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$VisibilityListener)
  d        public abstract onCreateActionView()
  eval_l   public onPerformDefaultAction()
  eval_p   public hasSubMenu()
  g        public onCreateActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  g        public subUiVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  i        public refreshVisibility()
  m        public setSubUiVisibilityListener(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$SubUiVisibilityListener)
  r        public onPrepareSubMenu(android.view.SubMenu)
  s        public isVisible()
  x        public overridesItemVisibility()
  z        public getContext()

android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$IOException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_um)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$SubUiVisibilityListener   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_id$r)
===============================================================================
  t    public abstract onSubUiVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$VisibilityListener        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_id$e)
===============================================================================
  t    public abstract onActionProviderVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pi)
===============================================================================
  h    public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  v    public setIsLongpressEnabled(boolean)
  w    public isLongpressEnabled()
  y    public setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pi$v)
===============================================================================
  eval_x   public abstract setIsLongpressEnabled(boolean)
  p        public abstract isLongpressEnabled()
  s        public abstract onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  z        public abstract setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pi$f)
===============================================================================
  a        private isConsideredDoubleTap(android.view.MotionEvent,android.view.MotionEvent,android.view.MotionEvent)
  eval_w   static access$502(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase,boolean)
  eval_x   static access$400(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  eval_x   public setIsLongpressEnabled(boolean)
  h        private cancelTaps()
  l        static access$100(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  o        static access$300(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  p        public isLongpressEnabled()
  q        private dispatchLongPress()
  s        public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  t        private init(android.content.Context)
  v        private cancel()
  x        static access$200(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  y        static access$000(android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase)
  z        public setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase$GestureHandler       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pi$f$h)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplBase$NullPointerException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$GestureDetectorCompatImplJellybeanMr2      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pi$h)
===============================================================================
  eval_x   public setIsLongpressEnabled(boolean)
  p        public isLongpressEnabled()
  s        public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  z        public setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)

android.support.v4.view.GestureDetectorCompat$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jb)
===============================================================================
  d    public static apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  h    public static applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  s    public static getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)
  z    public static apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jb$v)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  g    public abstract getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)
  i    public abstract apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  m    public abstract apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImplBase      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jb$_)
===============================================================================
  c    public applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  g    public getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)
  i    public apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  m    public apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$GravityCompatImplJellybeanMr1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jb$e)
===============================================================================
  c    public applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  g    public getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)
  i    public apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  m    public apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat$ParseException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompatJellybeanMr1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nw)
===============================================================================
  b    public static applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  o    public static getAbsoluteGravity(int,int)
  q    public static apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
  u    public static apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)

android.support.v4.view.GravityCompatJellybeanMr1$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ge)
===============================================================================
  e    public static normalizeMetaState(int)
  i    public static metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  o    public static isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  p    public static startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  q    public static hasNoModifiers(android.view.KeyEvent)
  q    public static hasModifiers(android.view.KeyEvent,int)
  r    public static metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)
  v    public static dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  w    public static getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$BaseKeyEventVersionImpl   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ge$q)
===============================================================================
  b    public metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  c    public startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  g    public isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  h    public normalizeMetaState(int)
  k    private static metaStateFilterDirectionalModifiers(int,int,int,int,int)
  r    public dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  s    public metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)
  z    public getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$EclairKeyEventVersionImpl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ge$r)
===============================================================================
  c    public startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  g    public isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  r    public dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  z    public getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$HoneycombKeyEventVersionImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ge$a)
===============================================================================
  b    public metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  h    public normalizeMetaState(int)
  s    public metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$IOException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompat$KeyEventVersionImpl       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ge$eval__)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  c    public abstract startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  g    public abstract isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  h    public abstract normalizeMetaState(int)
  r    public abstract dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  s    public abstract metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)
  z    public abstract getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatEclair     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cr)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getKeyDispatcherState(android.view.View)
  b    public static startTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)
  l    public static dispatch(android.view.KeyEvent,android.view.KeyEvent$Callback,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  v    public static isTracking(android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatEclair$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatHoneycomb  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t4)
===============================================================================
  a        public static metaStateHasModifiers(int,int)
  eval_v   public static metaStateHasNoModifiers(int)
  k        public static normalizeMetaState(int)

android.support.v4.view.KeyEventCompatHoneycomb$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rs)
===============================================================================
  e        public static getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  eval_f   public static setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  i        public static getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  k        public static resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  p        public static setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  u        public static isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  y        public static setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  z        public static getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImpl    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rs$i)
===============================================================================
  eval_b   public abstract getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  g        public abstract resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  i        public abstract getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  l        public abstract setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  n        public abstract setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  p        public abstract isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  q        public abstract getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  u        public abstract setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImplBase        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rs$p)
===============================================================================
  eval_b   public getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  g        public resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  i        public getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  l        public setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  n        public setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  p        public isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  q        public getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  u        public setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$MarginLayoutParamsCompatImplJbMr1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rs$c)
===============================================================================
  eval_b   public getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  g        public resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  i        public getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  l        public setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  n        public setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  p        public isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  q        public getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  u        public setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompatJellybeanMr1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yk)
===============================================================================
  a    public static setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  e    public static getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  k    public static isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  l    public static getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  o    public static setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  u    public static resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
  x    public static getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
  z    public static setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)

android.support.v4.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompatJellybeanMr1$NullPointerException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuCompat       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ak)
===============================================================================
  i    public static setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)

android.support.v4.view.MenuCompat$Exception     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q5)
===============================================================================
  b        public static getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  eval_d   public static setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  eval_t   public static collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  g        public static setActionProvider(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  g        public static setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  n        public static getActionProvider(android.view.MenuItem)
  p        public static expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  q        public static setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  u        public static isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  z        public static setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$BaseMenuVersionImpl       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q5$d)
===============================================================================
  b        public expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  e        public isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  e        public setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  eval_z   public collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  g        public setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)
  r        public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  s        public setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  u        public getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$HoneycombMenuVersionImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q5$n)
===============================================================================
  b        public expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  e        public isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  e        public setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  eval_z   public collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  g        public setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)
  r        public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  s        public setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  u        public getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IOException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_by)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q5$m)
===============================================================================
  b        public expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  e        public isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  eval_z   public collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  r        public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q5$m$1)
===============================================================================
  f    public onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)
  q    public onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$IcsMenuVersionImpl$ParseException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$MenuVersionImpl   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q5$g)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  e        public abstract isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)
  e        public abstract setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  eval_z   public abstract collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  g        public abstract setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)
  r        public abstract setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  s        public abstract setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  u        public abstract getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q5$b)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  e    public abstract onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatHoneycomb  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_br)
===============================================================================
  h    public static setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  l    public static setShowAsAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  o    public static getActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  r    public static setActionView(android.view.MenuItem,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatHoneycomb$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o3)
===============================================================================
  m    public static setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$SupportActionExpandProxy)
  u    public static expandActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  v    public static collapseActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  x    public static isActionViewExpanded(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$OnActionExpandListenerWrapper  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o3$q)
===============================================================================
  onMenuItemActionCollapse public onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  onMenuItemActionExpand   public onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompatIcs$SupportActionExpandProxy       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o3$y)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)
  q    public abstract onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lq)
===============================================================================
  b    public static getActionMasked(android.view.MotionEvent)
  c    public static getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  k    public static getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  l    public static getActionIndex(android.view.MotionEvent)
  o    public static getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)
  q    public static findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  z    public static getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$BaseMotionEventVersionImpl     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lq$u)
===============================================================================
  c    public getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  d    public getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  m    public findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  o    public getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)
  t    public getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$EclairMotionEventVersionImpl   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lq$v)
===============================================================================
  c    public getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  d    public getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  m    public findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  o    public getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)
  t    public getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompat$MotionEventVersionImpl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lq$h)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  d    public abstract getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  m    public abstract findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  o    public abstract getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)
  t    public abstract getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatEclair  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ty)
===============================================================================
  b    public static getPointerId(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  i    public static getPointerCount(android.view.MotionEvent)
  i    public static getX(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  w    public static findPointerIndex(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  z    public static getY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.MotionEventCompatEclair$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c7)
===============================================================================
  w    public abstract onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)

android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m0)
===============================================================================
  a        public finishUpdate(android.view.View)
  b        public unregisterDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)
  c        public finishUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  d        public setPrimaryItem(android.view.View,int,java.lang.Object)
  d        public setPrimaryItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  eval_b   public saveState()
  g        public getItemPosition(java.lang.Object)
  i        public restoreState(android.os.Parcelable,java.lang.ClassLoader)
  i        public abstract isViewFromObject(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  k        public startUpdate(android.view.ViewGroup)
  l        public startUpdate(android.view.View)
  p        public destroyItem(android.view.View,int,java.lang.Object)
  q        public instantiateItem(android.view.View,int)
  q        public getPageWidth(int)
  r        public notifyDataSetChanged()
  t        public destroyItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int,java.lang.Object)
  u        public instantiateItem(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  v        public abstract getCount()
  x        public registerDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)
  x        public getPageTitle(int)

android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r3)
===============================================================================
  eval_z                   public setDrawFullUnderline(boolean)
  g                        public setTextSpacing(int)
  k                        public setTabIndicatorColor(int)
  m                        getMinHeight()
  o                        updateTextPositions(int,float,boolean)
  s                        public getDrawFullUnderline()
  v                        public getTabIndicatorColor()
  x                        public setTabIndicatorColorResource(int)
  onDraw                   protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onTouchEvent             public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setBackgroundColor       public setBackgroundColor(int)
  setBackgroundDrawable    public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setBackgroundResource    public setBackgroundResource(int)
  setPadding               public setPadding(int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$1  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r3$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$2  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r3$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$ParseException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ye)
===============================================================================
  d                    public setTextSize(int,float)
  eval_x               public setTextColor(int)
  f                    public getTextSpacing()
  f                    private static setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)
  g                    public setTextSpacing(int)
  m                    getMinHeight()
  o                    updateTextPositions(int,float,boolean)
  p                    updateText(int,android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  s                    static access$100(android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip)
  u                    public setGravity(int)
  v                    public setNonPrimaryAlpha(float)
  y                    updateAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter,android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  onAttachedToWindow   protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout             protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)
  requestLayout        public requestLayout()

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ye$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$Exception        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PageListener     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ye$i)
===============================================================================
  b            public onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  h            public onPageSelected(int)
  l            public onAdapterChanged(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter,android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  m            public onPageScrollStateChanged(int)
  onChanged    public onChanged()

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ye$y)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImplBase  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ye$z)
===============================================================================
  h    public setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip$PagerTitleStripImplIcs   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ye$l)
===============================================================================
  h    public setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s5)
===============================================================================
  n    public static setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStripIcs$SingleLineAllCapsTransform    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s5$p)
===============================================================================
  getTransformation    public getTransformation(java.lang.CharSequence,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pz)
===============================================================================
  b    public static isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  z    public static setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pz$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$BaseScaleGestureDetectorImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pz$q)
===============================================================================
  m    public isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  w    public setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKatImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pz$r)
===============================================================================
  m    public isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  w    public setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompat$ScaleGestureDetectorImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pz$k)
===============================================================================
  m    public abstract isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  w    public abstract setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKat (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hx)
===============================================================================
  b    public static isQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  m    public static setQuickScaleEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ScaleGestureDetectorCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sn)
===============================================================================
  d    public static getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  m    public static getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$BaseVelocityTrackerVersionImpl     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sn$j)
===============================================================================
  g    public getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  l    public getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$HoneycombVelocityTrackerVersionImpl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sn$c)
===============================================================================
  g    public getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  l    public getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$VelocityTrackerVersionImpl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sn$v)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  l    public abstract getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompatHoneycomb   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p9)
===============================================================================
  g    public static getYVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
  u    public static getXVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)

android.support.v4.view.VelocityTrackerCompatHoneycomb$Exception (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_op)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy)
===============================================================================
  a        public static getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  a        public static setY(android.view.View,float)
  b        public static onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  b        public static setSaveFromParentEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  b        public static setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  b        public static setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  b        public static postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  d        public static getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)
  d        public static setActivated(android.view.View,boolean)
  d        public static performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  e        public static getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_a   public static hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  eval_b   public static getElevation(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public static postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public static setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  eval_e   public static getY(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public static setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  eval_g   public static animate(android.view.View)
  eval_h   public static getPivotX(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public static getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public static jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public static setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_k   public static requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  eval_n   public static getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  eval_p   public static getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public static getRotationY(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public static setElevation(android.view.View,float)
  eval_r   public static getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  eval_s   public static getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_t   public static getScaleY(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public static getPivotY(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public static getRotation(android.view.View)
  eval_w   public static getLayerType(android.view.View)
  eval_x   public static getScaleX(android.view.View)
  eval_y   public static getX(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public static getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  f        public static getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
  g        public static setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  h        public static getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  h        public static setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  h        public static canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  i        public static getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  j        public static getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  j        public static setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
  l        public static getRotationX(android.view.View)
  l        public static setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  m        public static getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  n        public static getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  n        public static setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  n        public static setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  o        public static setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  p        public static dispatchStartTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  p        public static setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  p        public static canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  q        public static setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  q        public static setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  r        public static getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  r        public static setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  r        public static onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  r        public static setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  r        public static postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  s        public static getAlpha(android.view.View)
  s        public static setFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View,boolean)
  s        public static setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  t        public static isOpaque(android.view.View)
  t        public static onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  t        public static setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  t        public static setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)
  u        public static getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  u        public static resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  v        public static getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  v        public static setX(android.view.View,float)
  w        public static getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  w        public static setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  x        public static dispatchFinishTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  x        public static setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  y        public static getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  y        public static setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  y        public static setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  y        public static postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  z        public static hasAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$AccessibilityLiveRegion       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$Api21ViewCompatImpl   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$w)
===============================================================================
  b    public getElevation(android.view.View)
  k    public setElevation(android.view.View,float)
  k    public setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  l    public isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  n    public requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  r    public setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  r    public setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  u    public getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  z    public getTransitionName(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$BaseViewCompatImpl    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$g)
===============================================================================
  a        public hasAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
  a        public setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  b        public getElevation(android.view.View)
  b        public setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  c        public hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  d        public getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  e        public setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  e        public postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  eval_a   public dispatchStartTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  eval_b   public getY(android.view.View)
  eval_b   public setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  eval_c   public getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_g   public getScaleY(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public getPivotX(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public animate(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  eval_l   public getRotationY(android.view.View)
  eval_m   public getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_n   public dispatchFinishTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  eval_o   public getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  eval_p   public getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public getRotationX(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public isOpaque(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public getX(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_w   public getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  eval_x   public getLayerType(android.view.View)
  eval_y   public getScaleX(android.view.View)
  eval_y   public setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_z   public getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  f        public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  f        public canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  g        public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  g        public setActivated(android.view.View,boolean)
  g        public setY(android.view.View,float)
  h        public setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  i        public getPivotY(android.view.View)
  i        public setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)
  j        public getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  j        public setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  j        public setX(android.view.View,float)
  j        public canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  k        public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  k        public setElevation(android.view.View,float)
  k        public setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  k        public setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  k        public resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  l        public isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  m        public getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)
  n        public requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  n        public postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  o        public getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
  o        public setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  p        public getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  p        public setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  p        public setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  q        public getAlpha(android.view.View)
  r        public getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  r        public setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  r        public setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  s        public setFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View,boolean)
  s        public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  t        public postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  u        public getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  u        public setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  v        private bindTempDetach()
  v        public getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  w        public getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  w        public setSaveFromParentEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  w        public setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  w        public setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
  w        public setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  w        public postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  x        public getRotation(android.view.View)
  x        public setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  x        public setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  y        getFrameTime()
  y        public getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  y        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  y        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  z        public getTransitionName(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$EclairMr1ViewCompatImpl       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$p)
===============================================================================
  eval_u   public isOpaque(android.view.View)
  k        public setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$Exception     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$GBViewCompatImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$eval_n)
===============================================================================
  i    public setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)
  m    public getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$HCViewCompatImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$r)
===============================================================================
  a        public setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  b        public setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_b   public getY(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_g   public getScaleY(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public getPivotX(android.view.View)
  eval_l   public getRotationY(android.view.View)
  eval_p   public getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public getRotationX(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public getX(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_x   public getLayerType(android.view.View)
  eval_y   public getScaleX(android.view.View)
  eval_y   public setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_z   public getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  g        public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  g        public setActivated(android.view.View,boolean)
  g        public setY(android.view.View,float)
  h        public setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  i        public getPivotY(android.view.View)
  j        public setX(android.view.View,float)
  k        public resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  o        public setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  p        public setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  p        public setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  q        public getAlpha(android.view.View)
  u        public setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  v        public getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  w        public setSaveFromParentEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  w        public setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  x        public getRotation(android.view.View)
  x        public setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  y        getFrameTime()

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ICSViewCompatImpl     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$q)
===============================================================================
  a        public hasAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public animate(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  f        public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  f        public canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  j        public canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  s        public setFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View,boolean)
  y        public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  y        public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ImportantForAccessibility     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JBViewCompatImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$eval_g)
===============================================================================
  c        public hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  e        public setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  e        public postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  eval_w   public getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  j        public getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  j        public setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  k        public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  n        public requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  n        public postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  r        public getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  s        public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  t        public postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  w        public getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  w        public postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  y        public getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$JbMr1ViewCompatImpl   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$s)
===============================================================================
  d        public getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  eval_b   public setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  eval_c   public getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  eval_m   public getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_o   public getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  p        public getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  w        public setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  x        public setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  x        public setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$KitKatViewCompatImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$n)
===============================================================================
  e    public setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  o    public getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
  w    public setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$LayerType     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$eval_i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$LayoutDirectionMode   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$u)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$OverScroll    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$eval_s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ResolvedLayoutDirectionMode   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$eval_v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompat$ViewCompatImpl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dy$v)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract hasAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
  a        public abstract setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  b        public abstract getElevation(android.view.View)
  b        public abstract setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  c        public abstract hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  d        public abstract getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  e        public abstract setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
  e        public abstract postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  eval_a   public abstract dispatchStartTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  eval_b   public abstract getY(android.view.View)
  eval_b   public abstract setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  eval_c   public abstract getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  eval_d   public abstract getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_e   public abstract getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  eval_g   public abstract getScaleY(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public abstract getPivotX(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public abstract animate(android.view.View)
  eval_j   public abstract setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat)
  eval_l   public abstract getRotationY(android.view.View)
  eval_m   public abstract getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_n   public abstract dispatchFinishTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
  eval_o   public abstract getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  eval_p   public abstract getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public abstract getRotationX(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public abstract isOpaque(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public abstract getX(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public abstract setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_w   public abstract getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  eval_x   public abstract getLayerType(android.view.View)
  eval_y   public abstract getScaleX(android.view.View)
  eval_y   public abstract setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_z   public abstract getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public abstract setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  f        public abstract onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  f        public abstract canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)
  g        public abstract jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  g        public abstract setActivated(android.view.View,boolean)
  g        public abstract setY(android.view.View,float)
  h        public abstract setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  i        public abstract getPivotY(android.view.View)
  i        public abstract setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)
  j        public abstract getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  j        public abstract setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  j        public abstract setX(android.view.View,float)
  j        public abstract canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  k        public abstract getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  k        public abstract setElevation(android.view.View,float)
  k        public abstract setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  k        public abstract setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  k        public abstract resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  l        public abstract isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  m        public abstract getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)
  n        public abstract requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  n        public abstract postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  o        public abstract getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
  o        public abstract setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  p        public abstract getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  p        public abstract setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  p        public abstract setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  q        public abstract getAlpha(android.view.View)
  r        public abstract getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  r        public abstract setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  r        public abstract setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  s        public abstract setFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View,boolean)
  s        public abstract performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  t        public abstract postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  u        public abstract getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
  u        public abstract setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  v        public abstract getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  w        public abstract getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  w        public abstract setSaveFromParentEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  w        public abstract setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  w        public abstract setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
  w        public abstract setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  w        public abstract postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  x        public abstract getRotation(android.view.View)
  x        public abstract setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
  x        public abstract setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  y        public abstract getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  y        public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  y        public abstract onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  z        public abstract getTransitionName(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h4)
===============================================================================
  b        public static setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
  e        public static getElevation(android.view.View)
  eval_n   public static requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  g        public static isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  i        public static getTransitionName(android.view.View)
  o        public static setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  t        public static setElevation(android.view.View,float)
  w        public static setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
  x        public static getTranslationZ(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21$1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h4$1)
===============================================================================
  onApplyWindowInsets  public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatApi21$Exception        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatEclairMr1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vf)
===============================================================================
  c    public static setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  e    public static isOpaque(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatEclairMr1$IOException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatGingerbread    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s_)
===============================================================================
  n    public static getOverScrollMode(android.view.View)
  x    public static setOverScrollMode(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatGingerbread$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatHC     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d1)
===============================================================================
  a        public static setActivated(android.view.View,boolean)
  b        public static setPivotX(android.view.View,float)
  c        public static setRotation(android.view.View,float)
  e        public static getScaleX(android.view.View)
  e        public static setScaleY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_i   public static jumpDrawablesToCurrentState(android.view.View)
  eval_m   public static getTranslationX(android.view.View)
  eval_p   public static getScaleY(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public static getX(android.view.View)
  eval_v   public static getY(android.view.View)
  eval_z   public static getPivotX(android.view.View)
  f        public static getMeasuredWidthAndState(android.view.View)
  f        public static setY(android.view.View,float)
  g        static getFrameTime()
  g        public static getRotationX(android.view.View)
  g        public static setTranslationX(android.view.View,float)
  i        public static getRotationY(android.view.View)
  j        public static getMeasuredState(android.view.View)
  j        public static setPivotY(android.view.View,float)
  k        public static setTranslationY(android.view.View,float)
  l        public static getRotation(android.view.View)
  l        public static setSaveFromParentEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  l        public static resolveSizeAndState(int,int,int)
  m        public static getPivotY(android.view.View)
  n        public static getMeasuredHeightAndState(android.view.View)
  p        public static setAlpha(android.view.View,float)
  q        public static getAlpha(android.view.View)
  r        public static setRotationY(android.view.View,float)
  s        public static getLayerType(android.view.View)
  t        public static getTranslationY(android.view.View)
  t        public static setScaleX(android.view.View,float)
  v        public static setLayerType(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Paint)
  x        public static setRotationX(android.view.View,float)
  y        public static setX(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_g7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICS    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ez)
===============================================================================
  a    public static onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  a    public static setFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View,boolean)
  e    public static onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  g    public static canScrollHorizontally(android.view.View,int)
  o    public static setAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View,java.lang.Object)
  p    public static onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  z    public static canScrollVertically(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatICS$ParseException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJB     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tx)
===============================================================================
  b        public static postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  d        public static performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  e        public static postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  eval_m   public static getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  f        public static postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
  h        public static getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  k        public static getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  m        public static requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  p        public static setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
  q        public static getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
  s        public static getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
  u        public static postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  v        public static getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
  z        public static hasTransientState(android.view.View)
  z        public static setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJB$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q_)
===============================================================================
  c    public static getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
  n    public static getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
  s    public static getLabelFor(android.view.View)
  s    public static setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
  t    public static setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
  t    public static setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  u    public static getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
  w    public static getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
  y    public static setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatJellybeanMr1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ih)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatKitKat (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xg)
===============================================================================
  s    public static getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
  u    public static setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewCompatKitKat$NullPointerException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q7)
===============================================================================
  p    public static getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
  x    public static hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$BaseViewConfigurationVersionImpl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q7$y)
===============================================================================
  c        public getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
  eval_h   public hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$FroyoViewConfigurationVersionImpl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q7$j)
===============================================================================
  c    public getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$HoneycombViewConfigurationVersionImpl    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q7$k)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$IcsViewConfigurationVersionImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q7$u)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ph)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$ViewConfigurationVersionImpl     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q7$o)
===============================================================================
  c        public abstract getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
  eval_h   public abstract hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatFroyo     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jx)
===============================================================================
  l    public static getScaledPagingTouchSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatFroyo$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatICS       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nf)
===============================================================================
  g    static hasPermanentMenuKey(android.view.ViewConfiguration)

android.support.v4.view.ViewConfigurationCompatICS$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lz)
===============================================================================
  g    public static setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  i    public static getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)
  k    public static onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  r    public static setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  v    public static isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
  y    public static setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$Exception        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatApi21Impl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lz$_)
===============================================================================
  l    public isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
  u    public setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatHCImpl    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lz$q)
===============================================================================
  f    public setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatIcsImpl   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lz$l)
===============================================================================
  w    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lz$p)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  f    public abstract setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  l    public abstract isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
  p    public abstract getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)
  u    public abstract setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  w    public abstract onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2Impl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lz$eval_t)
===============================================================================
  d    public setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  p    public getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompat$ViewGroupCompatStubImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lz$v)
===============================================================================
  d    public setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  f    public setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  l    public isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
  p    public getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)
  u    public setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  w    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatApi21     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x0)
===============================================================================
  p    public static setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
  x    public static isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatApi21$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatHC        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l7)
===============================================================================
  x    public static setMotionEventSplittingEnabled(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatHC$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatIcs       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__n)
===============================================================================
  n    public static onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatIcs$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rw)
===============================================================================
  p    public static setLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  w    public static getLayoutMode(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v4.view.ViewGroupCompatJellybeanMR2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_)
===============================================================================
  a                                private completeScroll(boolean)
  a                                public arrowScroll(int)
  b                                static access$400()
  c                                private onSecondaryPointerUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
  d                                public setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  d                                distanceInfluenceForSnapDuration(float)
  eval_b                           private setScrollState(int)
  eval_c                           private infoForCurrentScrollPosition()
  eval_c                           populate(int)
  eval_h                           private setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
  eval_i                           private endDrag()
  eval_m                           populate()
  eval_m                           setInternalPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
  eval_n                           public getOffscreenPageLimit()
  eval_q                           private getClientWidth()
  eval_r                           private performDrag(float)
  eval_v                           public setPageMargin(int)
  f                                public endFakeDrag()
  f                                static access$200(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
  f                                setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabledCompat(boolean)
  g                                private removeNonDecorViews()
  g                                setCurrentItemInternal(int,boolean,boolean)
  h                                pageLeft()
  h                                private scrollToItem(int,boolean,int,boolean)
  i                                pageRight()
  i                                public setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
  i                                infoForChild(android.view.View)
  i                                public fakeDragBy(float)
  i                                private isGutterDrag(float,float)
  j                                public beginFakeDrag()
  j                                private getChildRectInPagerCoordinates(android.graphics.Rect,android.view.View)
  j                                static access$300(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
  k                                setOnAdapterChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener)
  k                                private requestParentDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)
  l                                public getAdapter()
  l                                public setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
  l                                public setPageMarginDrawable(int)
  m                                public setCurrentItem(int)
  m                                smoothScrollTo(int,int)
  n                                private pageScrolled(int)
  o                                initViewPager()
  o                                protected canScroll(android.view.View,boolean,int,int,int)
  o                                private enableLayers(boolean)
  o                                infoForPosition(int)
  o                                protected onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  o                                addNewItem(int,int)
  p                                public getCurrentItem()
  q                                static access$000(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager,int)
  r                                public isFakeDragging()
  r                                private recomputeScrollPosition(int,int,int,int)
  s                                public getPageMargin()
  t                                public setPageTransformer(boolean,android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PageTransformer)
  t                                public setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
  t                                setCurrentItemInternal(int,boolean,boolean,int)
  v                                public executeKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  v                                infoForAnyChild(android.view.View)
  w                                dataSetChanged()
  w                                private calculatePageOffsets(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo,int,android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo)
  x                                public setCurrentItem(int,boolean)
  y                                private sortChildDrawingOrder()
  y                                private determineTargetPage(int,float,int,int)
  z                                smoothScrollTo(int,int,int)
  addFocusables                    public addFocusables(java.util.ArrayList,int,int)
  addTouchables                    public addTouchables(java.util.ArrayList)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  canScrollHorizontally            public canScrollHorizontally(int)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  computeScroll                    public computeScroll()
  dispatchKeyEvent                 public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  draw                             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawableStateChanged             protected drawableStateChanged()
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  getChildDrawingOrder             protected getChildDrawingOrder(int,int)
  onAttachedToWindow               protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onDraw                           protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInterceptTouchEvent            public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRequestFocusInDescendants      protected onRequestFocusInDescendants(int,android.graphics.Rect)
  onRestoreInstanceState           public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState              public onSaveInstanceState()
  onSizeChanged                    protected onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  removeView                       public removeView(android.view.View)
  verifyDrawable                   protected verifyDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$1)
===============================================================================
  l        public compare(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo,android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$2      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$2)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$3      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$Decor  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$IOException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ay)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ItemInfo       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$LayoutParams   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$MyAccessibilityDelegate        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$w)
===============================================================================
  b    public performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
  h    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  n    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  y    private canScroll()

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$eval_y)
===============================================================================
  l    public abstract onAdapterChanged(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter,android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$k)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  h    public abstract onPageSelected(int)
  m    public abstract onPageScrollStateChanged(int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PageTransformer        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$h)
===============================================================================
  y    public abstract transformPage(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$PagerObserver  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$x)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$y)
===============================================================================
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$y$1)
===============================================================================
  e        public newArray(int)
  eval_x   public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel,java.lang.ClassLoader)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SimpleOnPageChangeListener     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$e)
===============================================================================
  b    public onPageScrolled(int,float,int)
  h    public onPageSelected(int)
  m    public onPageScrollStateChanged(int)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$ViewPositionComparator (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z_$eval_d)
===============================================================================
  j        public compare(android.view.View,android.view.View)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ny)
===============================================================================
  i    public static requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$NullPointerException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatICSImpl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ny$w)
===============================================================================
  z    public requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatImpl    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ny$d)
===============================================================================
  z    public abstract requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompat$ViewParentCompatStubImpl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ny$f)
===============================================================================
  z    public requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatICS      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cy)
===============================================================================
  r    public static requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.view.ViewParentCompatICS$IOException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ku)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r)
===============================================================================
  b        static access$002(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,java.lang.Runnable)
  b        public setUpdateListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)
  c        public translationX(float)
  d        public getInterpolator()
  d        public rotation(float)
  e        public yBy(float)
  eval_a   public cancel()
  eval_b   public translationYBy(float)
  eval_h   public withEndAction(java.lang.Runnable)
  eval_i   public scaleY(float)
  eval_k   public scaleX(float)
  eval_q   public scaleYBy(float)
  eval_r   public translationY(float)
  eval_u   public rotationYBy(float)
  eval_v   public xBy(float)
  eval_w   public rotationBy(float)
  eval_x   public scaleXBy(float)
  eval_z   public getStartDelay()
  g        public getDuration()
  g        static access$000(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  h        public rotationY(float)
  i        static access$400(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  i        public alphaBy(float)
  k        public x(float)
  l        public translationXBy(float)
  m        public setInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  n        static access$402(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,int)
  n        public setDuration(long)
  o        public start()
  o        public setStartDelay(long)
  r        static access$102(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,java.lang.Runnable)
  r        public alpha(float)
  t        public y(float)
  u        public withLayer()
  u        static access$100(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  u        public rotationX(float)
  w        public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  w        public rotationXBy(float)
  y        public withStartAction(java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$j)
===============================================================================
  a        public setInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  a        public scaleXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  b        public rotationBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  d        public scaleY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  e        public alpha(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  e        public setStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  eval__   public rotationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_e   public rotationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_n   public translationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_o   public xBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_q   public rotationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_x   public scaleX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  f        public getStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  f        public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  f        public rotationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  f        public setDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  h        public withLayer(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  h        public yBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  h        public withEndAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  j        public start(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  j        public scaleYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  j        public withStartAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  k        public translationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  l        public y(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  m        public alphaBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  o        public getDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  o        public rotation(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  p        static access$200(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  p        public cancel(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  p        public translationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  t        public x(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  u        private postStartMessage(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  u        public setUpdateListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)
  v        private startAnimation(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  v        private removeStartMessage(android.view.View)
  w        public translationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  y        public getInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$BaseViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$Starter    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$j$x)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$n)
===============================================================================
  a        public setInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  a        public scaleXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  b        public rotationBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  d        public scaleY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  e        public alpha(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  e        public setStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  eval__   public rotationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_e   public rotationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_n   public translationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_o   public xBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_q   public rotationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_x   public scaleX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  f        public getStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  f        public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  f        public rotationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  f        public setDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  h        public withLayer(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  h        public yBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  h        public withEndAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  j        public start(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  j        public scaleYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  j        public withStartAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  k        public translationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  l        public y(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  m        public alphaBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  o        public getDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  o        public rotation(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  p        public cancel(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  p        public translationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  t        public x(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  w        public translationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ICSViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl$MyVpaListener       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$n$o)
===============================================================================
  e        public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  s        public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$JBMr2ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$g)
===============================================================================
  y    public getInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$JBViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$d)
===============================================================================
  f    public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  h    public withLayer(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  h    public withEndAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  j    public withStartAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$KitKatViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$x)
===============================================================================
  u    public setUpdateListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_te)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatImpl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__r$v)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract setInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  a        public abstract scaleXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  b        public abstract rotationBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  d        public abstract scaleY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  e        public abstract alpha(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  e        public abstract setStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  eval__   public abstract rotationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_e   public abstract rotationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_n   public abstract translationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_o   public abstract xBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_q   public abstract rotationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  eval_x   public abstract scaleX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  f        public abstract getStartDelay(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  f        public abstract setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  f        public abstract rotationYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  f        public abstract setDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,long)
  h        public abstract withLayer(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  h        public abstract yBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  h        public abstract withEndAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  j        public abstract start(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  j        public abstract scaleYBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  j        public abstract withStartAction(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  k        public abstract translationXBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  l        public abstract y(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  m        public abstract alphaBy(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  o        public abstract getDuration(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  o        public abstract rotation(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  p        public abstract cancel(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)
  p        public abstract translationX(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  t        public abstract x(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  u        public abstract setUpdateListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)
  w        public abstract translationY(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View,float)
  y        public abstract getInterpolator(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bg)
===============================================================================
  a        public static rotationBy(android.view.View,float)
  b        public static scaleY(android.view.View,float)
  c        public static getDuration(android.view.View)
  d        public static setInterpolator(android.view.View,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  d        public static translationX(android.view.View,float)
  d        public static setStartDelay(android.view.View,long)
  eval_f   public static cancel(android.view.View)
  eval_f   public static rotationY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_m   public static y(android.view.View,float)
  eval_t   public static scaleX(android.view.View,float)
  eval_u   public static rotationYBy(android.view.View,float)
  eval_v   public static translationYBy(android.view.View,float)
  eval_w   public static translationY(android.view.View,float)
  eval_z   public static xBy(android.view.View,float)
  f        public static yBy(android.view.View,float)
  h        public static scaleYBy(android.view.View,float)
  i        public static alphaBy(android.view.View,float)
  l        public static getStartDelay(android.view.View)
  l        public static x(android.view.View,float)
  n        public static scaleXBy(android.view.View,float)
  o        public static rotation(android.view.View,float)
  q        public static rotationXBy(android.view.View,float)
  r        public static setListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  s        public static translationXBy(android.view.View,float)
  u        public static rotationX(android.view.View,float)
  w        public static start(android.view.View)
  y        public static setDuration(android.view.View,long)
  z        public static alpha(android.view.View,float)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS$1  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bg$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationCancel    public onAnimationCancel(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.animation.Animator)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatICS$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kz)
===============================================================================
  c    public static setListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  c    public static withEndAction(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  q    public static withStartAction(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
  z    public static withLayer(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kz$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationCancel    public onAnimationCancel(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.animation.Animator)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.animation.Animator)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJB$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJellybeanMr2   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r6)
===============================================================================
  i    public static getInterpolator(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatJellybeanMr2$ParseException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vx)
===============================================================================
  r    public static setUpdateListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vx$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationUpdate    public onAnimationUpdate(android.animation.ValueAnimator)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatKK$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ey)
===============================================================================
  e        public abstract onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public abstract onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  s        public abstract onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_le)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListenerAdapter      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yf)
===============================================================================
  e        public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  s        public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListenerAdapter$Exception    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ze)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tq)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract onAnimationUpdate(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorUpdateListener$IOException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.WindowCompat     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.WindowCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a6)
===============================================================================
  a        public replaceSystemWindowInsets(int,int,int,int)
  eval_b   public isConsumed()
  eval_e   public getSystemWindowInsetBottom()
  eval_x   public getStableInsetBottom()
  h        public hasInsets()
  j        public getStableInsetTop()
  l        public consumeSystemWindowInsets()
  m        public getSystemWindowInsetRight()
  n        public isRound()
  p        public hasStableInsets()
  q        public consumeStableInsets()
  s        public getStableInsetLeft()
  t        public getStableInsetRight()
  u        public getSystemWindowInsetTop()
  u        public replaceSystemWindowInsets(android.graphics.Rect)
  x        public hasSystemWindowInsets()
  y        public getSystemWindowInsetLeft()

android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompatApi21  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k7)
===============================================================================
  a        public replaceSystemWindowInsets(int,int,int,int)
  eval_b   public isConsumed()
  eval_e   public getSystemWindowInsetBottom()
  eval_m   unwrap()
  eval_x   public getStableInsetBottom()
  h        public hasInsets()
  j        public getStableInsetTop()
  l        public consumeSystemWindowInsets()
  m        public getSystemWindowInsetRight()
  n        public isRound()
  p        public hasStableInsets()
  q        public consumeStableInsets()
  s        public getStableInsetLeft()
  t        public getStableInsetRight()
  u        public getSystemWindowInsetTop()
  u        public replaceSystemWindowInsets(android.graphics.Rect)
  x        public hasSystemWindowInsets()
  y        public getSystemWindowInsetLeft()

android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompatApi21$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z0)
===============================================================================
  f    public static getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  q    public static asRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  r    public static appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat)
  r    public static getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventIcsImpl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z0$u)
===============================================================================
  g    public getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
  r    public getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  r    public appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventStubImpl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z0$i)
===============================================================================
  g    public getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
  r    public getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  r    public appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$AccessibilityEventVersionImpl     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_z0$a)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
  r    public abstract getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  r    public abstract appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$ParseException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bs)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatIcs        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ps)
===============================================================================
  a    public static getRecordCount(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  p    public static appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,java.lang.Object)
  t    public static getRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
  z    public static setScrollable(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompatIcs$NullPointerException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dl)
===============================================================================
  e    public static addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  h    static access$000()
  l    public static getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  n    public static isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  p    public static getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)
  z    public static removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dl$s)
===============================================================================
  c    public addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  k    public getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)
  l    public getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  o    public newAccessiblityStateChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  o    public removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  p    public isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dl$s$1)
===============================================================================
  f    public onAccessibilityStateChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerIcsImpl$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ww)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerStubImpl    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dl$f)
===============================================================================
  c    public addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  k    public getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)
  l    public getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  o    public newAccessiblityStateChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  o    public removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  p    public isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityManagerVersionImpl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dl$p)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  k    public abstract getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)
  l    public abstract getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  o    public abstract newAccessiblityStateChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  o    public abstract removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat)
  p    public abstract isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerCompat  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dl$e)
===============================================================================
  q    public abstract onAccessibilityStateChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$Exception       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tu)
===============================================================================
  a    public static removeAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,java.lang.Object)
  d    public static newAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerBridge)
  f    public static isTouchExplorationEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  h    public static getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager)
  l    public static addAccessibilityStateChangeListener(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,java.lang.Object)
  z    public static getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tu$1)
===============================================================================
  onAccessibilityStateChanged  public onAccessibilityStateChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$AccessibilityStateChangeListenerBridge       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tu$w)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract onAccessibilityStateChanged(boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompatIcs$ParseException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz)
===============================================================================
  a        public isSelected()
  a        public setSource(android.view.View)
  a        public setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  b        public isFocused()
  b        public setBoundsInScreen(android.graphics.Rect)
  c        public isLongClickable()
  c        public performAction(int)
  d        static access$000()
  d        public static obtain(android.view.View)
  d        public setCheckable(boolean)
  d        public performAction(int,android.os.Bundle)
  d        static wrapNonNullInstance(java.lang.Object)
  e        public isAccessibilityFocused()
  eval__   public getClassName()
  eval__   public setPassword(boolean)
  eval_a   public getActionList()
  eval_c   public getContentDescription()
  eval_c   public addChild(android.view.View,int)
  eval_d   public getCollectionItemInfo()
  eval_e   public isScrollable()
  eval_f   public getText()
  eval_j   public isClickable()
  eval_k   public getRangeInfo()
  eval_l   public getPackageName()
  eval_p   public getLiveRegion()
  eval_v   public recycle()
  eval_v   public setLiveRegion(int)
  eval_x   public getBoundsInScreen(android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_y   public getMovementGranularities()
  f        public addAction(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityActionCompat)
  f        public setLongClickable(boolean)
  g        public isVisibleToUser()
  g        public setScrollable(boolean)
  h        public findFocus(int)
  i        public setParent(android.view.View)
  i        public setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  j        public isCheckable()
  j        public addChild(android.view.View)
  j        public static obtain(android.view.View,int)
  k        public isFocusable()
  l        public getChildCount()
  m        public getInfo()
  m        public setSource(android.view.View,int)
  m        public setSelected(boolean)
  m        public setClassName(java.lang.CharSequence)
  n        public getWindowId()
  n        public setAccessibilityFocused(boolean)
  n        private static getActionSymbolicName(int)
  n        public setContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public getParent()
  o        public setChecked(boolean)
  p        public isPassword()
  p        public setBoundsInParent(android.graphics.Rect)
  p        public setMovementGranularities(int)
  q        public static obtain(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  q        public setVisibleToUser(boolean)
  r        public getViewIdResourceName()
  s        public setFocused(boolean)
  s        public focusSearch(int)
  s        public setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  t        public isChecked()
  t        public addAction(int)
  u        public getCollectionInfo()
  u        public getBoundsInParent(android.graphics.Rect)
  u        public setFocusable(boolean)
  v        public getActions()
  w        public setEnabled(boolean)
  w        public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String)
  x        public isEnabled()
  x        public setClickable(boolean)
  x        public setPackageName(java.lang.CharSequence)
  y        public static obtain()
  y        public setParent(android.view.View,int)
  y        public getChild(int)
  z        public setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.String)
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityActionCompat      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$x)
===============================================================================
  d    static access$100(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityActionCompat)
  g    public getId()
  v    public getLabel()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoApi21Impl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$z)
===============================================================================
  a    public isCollectionItemSelected(java.lang.Object)
  h    public getActionList(java.lang.Object)
  j    public getAccessibilityActionLabel(java.lang.Object)
  k    public getAccessibilityActionId(java.lang.Object)
  l    public newAccessibilityAction(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  q    public obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  u    public obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  v    public addAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoApi22Impl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$j)
===============================================================================
  eval_a   public setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_s   public getTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object)
  h        public setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  o        public setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  w        public getTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object)
  y        public setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoIcsImpl   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$v)
===============================================================================
  a        public getBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  a        public setText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  b        public getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  d        public setLongClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  e        public obtain()
  e        public getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  e        public setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval__   public getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  eval_c   public isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f   public getActions(java.lang.Object)
  eval_h   public isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public setClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_l   public isFocusable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public setBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_l   public setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_o   public addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_r   public getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  eval_t   public setBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_t   public setFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_v   public getText(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_y   public isSelected(java.lang.Object)
  i        public getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  i        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  i        public setSelected(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public addAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  j        public setPackageName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  k        public setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  l        public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  m        public setFocusable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  n        public setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public setCheckable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  q        public isClickable(java.lang.Object)
  q        public setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  q        public getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  r        public isCheckable(java.lang.Object)
  s        public getParent(java.lang.Object)
  s        public setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  t        public getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  u        public obtain(java.lang.Object)
  v        public isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  w        public obtain(android.view.View)
  x        public isLongClickable(java.lang.Object)
  y        public isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  z        public setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  z        public performAction(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$c)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract isCollectionItemSelected(java.lang.Object)
  a        public abstract getBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  a        public abstract setText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  b        public abstract getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  c        public abstract getCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  d        public abstract isCollectionInfoHierarchical(java.lang.Object)
  d        public abstract setLongClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  e        public abstract obtain()
  e        public abstract getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  e        public abstract setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval__   public abstract getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  eval_a   public abstract getCollectionItemRowSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_a   public abstract setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_c   public abstract isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public abstract isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f   public abstract getActions(java.lang.Object)
  eval_h   public abstract isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public abstract getLiveRegion(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public abstract setClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_k   public abstract getMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public abstract isFocusable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public abstract setBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_l   public abstract setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_m   public abstract getCollectionInfoRowCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public abstract getCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public abstract addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_p   public abstract getCollectionItemColumnSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public abstract isVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object)
  eval_r   public abstract getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  eval_r   public abstract setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  eval_s   public abstract getTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object)
  eval_t   public abstract setBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_t   public abstract setFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_u   public abstract getCollectionItemRowIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public abstract getText(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public abstract recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_y   public abstract isSelected(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public abstract getViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object)
  f        public abstract setMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object,int)
  g        public abstract getRangeInfo(java.lang.Object)
  g        public abstract addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  h        public abstract getActionList(java.lang.Object)
  h        public abstract setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  h        public abstract setAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  i        public abstract getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  i        public abstract setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  i        public abstract setSelected(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public abstract getAccessibilityActionLabel(java.lang.Object)
  j        public abstract addAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  j        public abstract performAction(java.lang.Object,int,android.os.Bundle)
  j        public abstract setPackageName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public abstract setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  k        public abstract getAccessibilityActionId(java.lang.Object)
  k        public abstract setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  l        public abstract newAccessibilityAction(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  l        public abstract findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  m        public abstract getCollectionInfoColumnCount(java.lang.Object)
  m        public abstract setFocusable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  n        public abstract setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public abstract getCollectionItemColumnIndex(java.lang.Object)
  o        public abstract setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  o        public abstract setCheckable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  p        public abstract isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  p        public abstract focusSearch(java.lang.Object,int)
  q        public abstract obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  q        public abstract isClickable(java.lang.Object)
  q        public abstract setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  q        public abstract setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  q        public abstract getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  r        public abstract isCheckable(java.lang.Object)
  s        public abstract getParent(java.lang.Object)
  s        public abstract setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  s        public abstract findFocus(java.lang.Object,int)
  s        public abstract setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  t        public abstract getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  u        public abstract obtain(android.view.View,int)
  u        public abstract obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  u        public abstract obtain(java.lang.Object)
  v        public abstract isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  v        public abstract addAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  w        public abstract obtain(android.view.View)
  w        public abstract getTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object)
  w        public abstract setVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  w        public abstract setLiveRegion(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public abstract isLongClickable(java.lang.Object)
  y        public abstract isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  y        public abstract setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  y        public abstract setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  z        public abstract isCollectionItemHeading(java.lang.Object)
  z        public abstract setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  z        public abstract performAction(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanImpl     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$p)
===============================================================================
  eval_k   public getMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public isVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object)
  f        public setMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object,int)
  g        public addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  h        public setAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public performAction(java.lang.Object,int,android.os.Bundle)
  p        public isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  p        public focusSearch(java.lang.Object,int)
  q        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  s        public setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  s        public findFocus(java.lang.Object,int)
  u        public obtain(android.view.View,int)
  w        public setVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoJellybeanMr2Impl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$eval_y)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   public setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  eval_z   public getViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoKitKatImpl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$eval_f)
===============================================================================
  c        public getCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  d        public isCollectionInfoHierarchical(java.lang.Object)
  eval_a   public getCollectionItemRowSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public getLiveRegion(java.lang.Object)
  eval_m   public getCollectionInfoRowCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public getCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_p   public getCollectionItemColumnSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_u   public getCollectionItemRowIndex(java.lang.Object)
  g        public getRangeInfo(java.lang.Object)
  j        public setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  m        public getCollectionInfoColumnCount(java.lang.Object)
  o        public getCollectionItemColumnIndex(java.lang.Object)
  q        public obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  u        public obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  w        public setLiveRegion(java.lang.Object,int)
  y        public setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  z        public isCollectionItemHeading(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$AccessibilityNodeInfoStubImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$eval_l)
===============================================================================
  a        public isCollectionItemSelected(java.lang.Object)
  a        public getBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  a        public setText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  b        public getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  c        public getCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)
  d        public isCollectionInfoHierarchical(java.lang.Object)
  d        public setLongClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  e        public obtain()
  e        public getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  e        public setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval__   public getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  eval_a   public getCollectionItemRowSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_a   public setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_c   public isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f   public getActions(java.lang.Object)
  eval_h   public isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public getLiveRegion(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public setClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_k   public getMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public isFocusable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public setBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_l   public setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_m   public getCollectionInfoRowCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public getCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_p   public getCollectionItemColumnSpan(java.lang.Object)
  eval_q   public isVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object)
  eval_r   public getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  eval_r   public setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  eval_s   public getTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object)
  eval_t   public setBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_t   public setFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_u   public getCollectionItemRowIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_v   public getText(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_y   public isSelected(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public getViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object)
  f        public setMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object,int)
  g        public getRangeInfo(java.lang.Object)
  g        public addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  h        public getActionList(java.lang.Object)
  h        public setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  h        public setAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  i        public getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  i        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  i        public setSelected(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public getAccessibilityActionLabel(java.lang.Object)
  j        public addAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  j        public performAction(java.lang.Object,int,android.os.Bundle)
  j        public setPackageName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  j        public setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  k        public getAccessibilityActionId(java.lang.Object)
  k        public setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  l        public newAccessibilityAction(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  l        public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  m        public getCollectionInfoColumnCount(java.lang.Object)
  m        public setFocusable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  n        public setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  o        public getCollectionItemColumnIndex(java.lang.Object)
  o        public setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  o        public setCheckable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  p        public isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  p        public focusSearch(java.lang.Object,int)
  q        public obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  q        public isClickable(java.lang.Object)
  q        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  q        public setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  q        public getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  r        public isCheckable(java.lang.Object)
  s        public getParent(java.lang.Object)
  s        public setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  s        public findFocus(java.lang.Object,int)
  s        public setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  t        public getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  u        public obtain(android.view.View,int)
  u        public obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  u        public obtain(java.lang.Object)
  v        public isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  v        public addAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  w        public obtain(android.view.View)
  w        public getTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object)
  w        public setVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  w        public setLiveRegion(java.lang.Object,int)
  x        public isLongClickable(java.lang.Object)
  y        public isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  y        public setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  y        public setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  z        public isCollectionItemHeading(java.lang.Object)
  z        public setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  z        public performAction(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionInfoCompat   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$eval_u)
===============================================================================
  e    public getRowCount()
  i    public isHierarchical()
  j    public static obtain(int,int,boolean,int)
  k    public getColumnCount()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionItemInfoCompat       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$_)
===============================================================================
  c        static access$300(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionItemInfoCompat)
  eval_x   public isSelected()
  h        public static obtain(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  m        public getRowIndex()
  s        public getRowSpan()
  t        public getColumnIndex()
  u        public getColumnSpan()
  w        public isHeading()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$NullPointerException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$RangeInfoCompat        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mz$b)
===============================================================================
  a    public getMax()
  e    public getCurrent()
  g    public getType()
  r    public getMin()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xl)
===============================================================================
  b    public static obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean,boolean)
  h    static getAccessibilityActionId(java.lang.Object)
  k    public static obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  t    static newAccessibilityAction(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  v    static getAccessibilityActionLabel(java.lang.Object)
  v    static addAction(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  z    static getActionList(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$CollectionItemInfo        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xl$_)
===============================================================================
  x    public static isSelected(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi21$NullPointerException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi22   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sl)
===============================================================================
  c        public static setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  e        public static setTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  eval__   public static setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  eval_d   public static getTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object)
  h        public static setTraversalAfter(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  z        public static getTraversalBefore(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatApi22$NullPointerException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatIcs     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_an)
===============================================================================
  b        public static recycle(java.lang.Object)
  c        public static obtain(java.lang.Object)
  d        public static isCheckable(java.lang.Object)
  e        public static getText(java.lang.Object)
  e        public static setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_d   public static isSelected(java.lang.Object)
  eval_g   public static isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  eval_h   public static setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_j   public static findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  eval_o   public static isClickable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public static setFocusable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_p   public static isFocused(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public static isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  f        public static setCheckable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  g        public static isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  g        public static setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  h        public static setBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  h        public static setPackageName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public static isFocusable(java.lang.Object)
  j        public static isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  k        public static getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  k        public static getBoundsInScreen(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  l        public static getParent(java.lang.Object)
  m        public static obtain()
  n        public static getChildCount(java.lang.Object)
  o        public static obtain(android.view.View)
  o        public static setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  o        public static setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  p        public static setText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public static getActions(java.lang.Object)
  q        public static setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  s        public static isLongClickable(java.lang.Object)
  t        public static getPackageName(java.lang.Object)
  t        public static setClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  t        public static performAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  u        public static addAction(java.lang.Object,int)
  v        public static setBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  v        public static setFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  v        public static setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  w        public static getBoundsInParent(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Rect)
  w        public static setSelected(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  x        public static getChild(java.lang.Object,int)
  y        public static setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  y        public static setLongClickable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  z        public static getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  z        public static addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatIcs$IOException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellyBean       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qt)
===============================================================================
  b        public static getMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object)
  d        public static obtain(android.view.View,int)
  eval_y   public static addChild(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  f        public static setMovementGranularities(java.lang.Object,int)
  h        public static isAccessibilityFocused(java.lang.Object)
  m        public static findFocus(java.lang.Object,int)
  o        public static setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  o        public static performAction(java.lang.Object,int,android.os.Bundle)
  p        public static isVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object)
  p        public static focusSearch(java.lang.Object,int)
  s        public static setVisibleToUser(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  x        public static setAccesibilityFocused(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  y        public static setParent(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellyBean$Exception     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr2    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ik)
===============================================================================
  p    public static setViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
  z    public static getViewIdResourceName(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatJellybeanMr2$ParseException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j0)
===============================================================================
  e    static setLiveRegion(java.lang.Object,int)
  e    public static setCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  f    static getRangeInfo(java.lang.Object)
  h    static getLiveRegion(java.lang.Object)
  j    static getCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object)
  j    public static setCollectionItemInfo(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  o    public static obtainCollectionInfo(int,int,boolean,int)
  o    public static obtainCollectionItemInfo(int,int,int,int,boolean)
  o    static getCollectionInfo(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_df)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$CollectionInfo   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j0$p)
===============================================================================
  m    static getColumnCount(java.lang.Object)
  n    static isHierarchical(java.lang.Object)
  z    static getRowCount(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$CollectionItemInfo       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j0$d)
===============================================================================
  c    static getColumnIndex(java.lang.Object)
  n    static getRowSpan(java.lang.Object)
  o    static isHeading(java.lang.Object)
  p    static getRowIndex(java.lang.Object)
  v    static getColumnSpan(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompatKitKat$RangeInfo        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j0$_)
===============================================================================
  eval_y   static getType(java.lang.Object)
  s        static getCurrent(java.lang.Object)
  w        static getMin(java.lang.Object)
  y        static getMax(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bb)
===============================================================================
  e        public findFocus(int)
  eval_z   public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  f        public getProvider()
  x        public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  z        public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bb$o)
===============================================================================
  p    public abstract newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bb$e)
===============================================================================
  p    public newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bb$e$1)
===============================================================================
  a    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  f    public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  g    public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderJellyBeanImpl$IOException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bb$j)
===============================================================================
  p    public newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bb$j$1)
===============================================================================
  b    public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  u    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  x    public findFocus(int)
  y    public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderKitKatImpl$NullPointerException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$AccessibilityNodeProviderStubImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bb$k)
===============================================================================
  p    public newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompat$Exception  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__d)
===============================================================================
  f    public static newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__d$1)
===============================================================================
  createAccessibilityNodeInfo      public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  performAction                    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__d$e)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  f    public abstract createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  g    public abstract findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatJellyBean$IOException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d9)
===============================================================================
  q    public static newAccessibilityNodeProviderBridge(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d9$1)
===============================================================================
  createAccessibilityNodeInfo      public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText public findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)
  findFocus                        public findFocus(int)
  performAction                    public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$AccessibilityNodeInfoBridge  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d9$e)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  u    public abstract performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  x    public abstract findFocus(int)
  y    public abstract findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText(java.lang.String,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProviderCompatKitKat$NullPointerException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_aj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p7)
===============================================================================
  a        public getClassName()
  a        public setChecked(boolean)
  b        public setPassword(boolean)
  c        public getContentDescription()
  c        public setContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  d        public recycle()
  d        public setFullScreen(boolean)
  e        public setItemCount(int)
  eval_a   public getRemovedCount()
  eval_b   public getParcelableData()
  eval_d   public getAddedCount()
  eval_e   public getItemCount()
  eval_f   public getFromIndex()
  eval_f   public setRemovedCount(int)
  eval_j   public getText()
  eval_m   public getMaxScrollY()
  eval_o   public getCurrentItemIndex()
  eval_r   public isChecked()
  eval_s   public isPassword()
  eval_t   public getSource()
  eval_u   public getBeforeText()
  h        public getWindowId()
  h        public setMaxScrollY(int)
  i        public isEnabled()
  j        public setBeforeText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  k        public setScrollY(int)
  l        public getScrollX()
  l        public setParcelableData(android.os.Parcelable)
  m        public getImpl()
  m        public setAddedCount(int)
  n        public setScrollable(boolean)
  n        public setScrollX(int)
  o        public getToIndex()
  q        public setEnabled(boolean)
  r        public getMaxScrollX()
  r        public setToIndex(int)
  s        public static obtain(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat)
  s        public setSource(android.view.View)
  t        public getScrollY()
  t        public setFromIndex(int)
  v        public static obtain()
  v        public setSource(android.view.View,int)
  w        public isScrollable()
  w        public setMaxScrollX(int)
  x        public setCurrentItemIndex(int)
  y        public isFullScreen()
  z        public setClassName(java.lang.CharSequence)
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordIcsImpl       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p7$b)
===============================================================================
  b        public getFromIndex(java.lang.Object)
  b        public setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  c        public setAddedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  c        public setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  e        public setItemCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_a   public isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public getToIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_g   public isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public isFullScreen(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_m   public getText(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public setBeforeText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_q   public getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_z   public getScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  g        public isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  j        public getSource(java.lang.Object)
  j        public setFullScreen(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  k        public getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  k        public setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  l        public setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  n        public getCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object)
  o        public getRemovedCount(java.lang.Object)
  o        public setCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  p        public setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  q        public getAddedCount(java.lang.Object)
  q        public setFromIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  r        public getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  r        public setToIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  s        public setScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  u        public getParcelableData(java.lang.Object)
  u        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  v        public obtain()
  v        public getScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  v        public setScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  w        public getItemCount(java.lang.Object)
  x        public obtain(java.lang.Object)
  x        public setParcelableData(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcelable)
  y        public setRemovedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  z        public getBeforeText(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordIcsMr1Impl    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p7$m)
===============================================================================
  a    public getMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  a    public setMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  d    public getMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  l    public setMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p7$j)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract getMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  a        public abstract setMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  b        public abstract getFromIndex(java.lang.Object)
  b        public abstract setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  c        public abstract setAddedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  c        public abstract setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  d        public abstract getMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  d        public abstract setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  e        public abstract setItemCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_a   public abstract isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public abstract getToIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_g   public abstract isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public abstract isFullScreen(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public abstract recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_m   public abstract getText(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public abstract setBeforeText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_q   public abstract getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public abstract isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public abstract setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_z   public abstract getScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  g        public abstract isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  j        public abstract getSource(java.lang.Object)
  j        public abstract setFullScreen(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  k        public abstract getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  k        public abstract setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  l        public abstract setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  l        public abstract setMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  n        public abstract getCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object)
  o        public abstract getRemovedCount(java.lang.Object)
  o        public abstract setCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  p        public abstract setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  q        public abstract getAddedCount(java.lang.Object)
  q        public abstract setFromIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  r        public abstract getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  r        public abstract setToIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  s        public abstract setScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  u        public abstract getParcelableData(java.lang.Object)
  u        public abstract setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  v        public abstract obtain()
  v        public abstract getScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  v        public abstract setScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  w        public abstract getItemCount(java.lang.Object)
  x        public abstract obtain(java.lang.Object)
  x        public abstract setParcelableData(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcelable)
  y        public abstract setRemovedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  z        public abstract getBeforeText(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordJellyBeanImpl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p7$u)
===============================================================================
  d    public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$AccessibilityRecordStubImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p7$eval_z)
===============================================================================
  a        public getMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  a        public setMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  b        public getFromIndex(java.lang.Object)
  b        public setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  c        public setAddedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  c        public setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  d        public getMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  d        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)
  e        public setItemCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_a   public isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_d   public getToIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_g   public isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  eval_j   public isFullScreen(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public recycle(java.lang.Object)
  eval_m   public getText(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public setBeforeText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_q   public getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  eval_x   public setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_z   public getScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  g        public isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  j        public getSource(java.lang.Object)
  j        public setFullScreen(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  k        public getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  k        public setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  l        public setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  l        public setMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  n        public getCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object)
  o        public getRemovedCount(java.lang.Object)
  o        public setCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  p        public setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  q        public getAddedCount(java.lang.Object)
  q        public setFromIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  r        public getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  r        public setToIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  s        public setScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  u        public getParcelableData(java.lang.Object)
  u        public setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  v        public obtain()
  v        public getScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  v        public setScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  w        public getItemCount(java.lang.Object)
  x        public obtain(java.lang.Object)
  x        public setParcelableData(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcelable)
  y        public setRemovedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  z        public getBeforeText(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$IOException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcs       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tb)
===============================================================================
  b        public static isPassword(java.lang.Object)
  b        public static setAddedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  c        public static obtain(java.lang.Object)
  d        public static isEnabled(java.lang.Object)
  e        public static recycle(java.lang.Object)
  e        public static setParcelableData(java.lang.Object,android.os.Parcelable)
  eval_a   public static getFromIndex(java.lang.Object)
  eval_c   public static isScrollable(java.lang.Object)
  eval_f   public static getScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  eval_i   public static setCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  eval_j   public static getContentDescription(java.lang.Object)
  eval_l   public static getRemovedCount(java.lang.Object)
  eval_o   public static getWindowId(java.lang.Object)
  eval_p   public static isFullScreen(java.lang.Object)
  eval_t   public static getBeforeText(java.lang.Object)
  eval_w   public static setChecked(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  eval_y   public static setScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  f        public static getText(java.lang.Object)
  g        public static getCurrentItemIndex(java.lang.Object)
  h        public static getClassName(java.lang.Object)
  h        public static setClassName(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public static getParcelableData(java.lang.Object)
  i        public static setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)
  i        public static setScrollable(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  j        public static getItemCount(java.lang.Object)
  j        public static setFromIndex(java.lang.Object,int)
  k        public static isChecked(java.lang.Object)
  l        public static getSource(java.lang.Object)
  m        public static getToIndex(java.lang.Object)
  m        public static setFullScreen(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  n        public static getScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  n        public static setPassword(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  n        public static setRemovedCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  r        public static setScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)
  v        public static setEnabled(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  v        public static setBeforeText(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  w        public static setItemCount(java.lang.Object,int)
  w        public static setContentDescription(java.lang.Object,java.lang.CharSequence)
  x        public static obtain()
  x        public static getAddedCount(java.lang.Object)
  y        public static setToIndex(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcs$ArrayOutOfBoundsException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ho)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcsMr1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bt)
===============================================================================
  j    public static getMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object)
  n    public static getMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object)
  y    public static setMaxScrollY(java.lang.Object,int)
  z    public static setMaxScrollX(java.lang.Object,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatIcsMr1$Exception  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ja)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatJellyBean (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p3)
===============================================================================
  w    public static setSource(java.lang.Object,android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompatJellyBean$ParseException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x_)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract canTargetScrollVertically(int)
  b        public isEnabled()
  b        public setMinimumVelocity(float,float)
  c        static access$900(float,float,float)
  d        private startAnimating()
  d        public setRelativeVelocity(float,float)
  e        private requestStop()
  eval_j   static access$600(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  eval_r   public abstract canTargetScrollHorizontally(int)
  eval_x   private shouldAnimate()
  eval_x   private constrainEdgeValue(float,float)
  g        public setMaximumVelocity(float,float)
  g        public setRampUpDuration(int)
  j        private static constrain(float,float,float)
  j        private computeTargetVelocity(int,float,float,float)
  j        static access$800(int,int,int)
  l        static access$502(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper,boolean)
  l        public setEnabled(boolean)
  n        static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  n        public setRelativeEdges(float,float)
  o        static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  o        public setActivationDelay(int)
  p        static access$500(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  p        private getEdgeValue(float,float,float,float)
  q        public setExclusive(boolean)
  r        private static constrain(int,int,int)
  s        public abstract scrollTargetBy(int,int)
  t        static access$102(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper,boolean)
  t        public setEdgeType(int)
  u        public setMaximumEdges(float,float)
  w        static access$400(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  x        public isExclusive()
  x        static access$700(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  x        static access$202(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper,boolean)
  y        private cancelTargetTouch()
  y        static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper)
  y        public setRampDownDuration(int)
  onTouch  public onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x_$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ClampedScroller       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x_$w)
===============================================================================
  eval_a   public getDeltaY()
  eval_k   public isFinished()
  g        public setTargetVelocity(float,float)
  m        public getVerticalDirection()
  o        public computeScrollDelta()
  q        private getValueAt(long)
  s        public requestStop()
  t        public getHorizontalDirection()
  u        public getDeltaX()
  u        private interpolateValue(float)
  v        public setRampUpDuration(int)
  w        public start()
  z        public setRampDownDuration(int)

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.AutoScrollHelper$ScrollAnimationRunnable       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x_$e)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.BakedBezierInterpolator        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ko)
===============================================================================
  h                public static final getInstance()
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.widget.BakedBezierInterpolator$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c3)
===============================================================================
  a                    public setAnimationListener(android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  k                    private elevationSupported()
  o                    public setBackgroundColorRes(int)
  r                    static access$000(android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView)
  w                    static access$002(android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView,int)
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd()
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart()
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)
  setBackgroundColor   public setBackgroundColor(int)

android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView$OvalShadow     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c3$l)
===============================================================================
  draw public draw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)

android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wq)
===============================================================================
  d                    private removeCallbacks()
  h                    static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar)
  k                    static access$002(android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar,boolean)
  t                    public show()
  t                    static access$102(android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar,long)
  v                    public hide()
  x                    static access$202(android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar,boolean)
  onAttachedToWindow   public onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow public onDetachedFromWindow()

android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wq$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$2    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wq$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.ContentLoadingProgressBar$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hi)
===============================================================================
  c                public changeCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  e                public newDropDownView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  g                init(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,int)
  g                public swapCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  j                public getFilterQueryProvider()
  n                protected onContentChanged()
  o                public convertToString(android.database.Cursor)
  t                public getCursor()
  v                public abstract bindView(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor)
  w                public abstract newView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  x                protected init(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,boolean)
  y                public setFilterQueryProvider(android.widget.FilterQueryProvider)
  y                public runQueryOnBackgroundThread(java.lang.CharSequence)
  getCount         public getCount()
  getDropDownView  public getDropDownView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getFilter        public getFilter()
  getItem          public getItem(int)
  getItemId        public getItemId(int)
  getView          public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  hasStableIds     public hasStableIds()

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hi$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$ChangeObserver   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hi$p)
===============================================================================
  deliverSelfNotifications public deliverSelfNotifications()
  onChange                 public onChange(boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$Exception        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter$MyDataSetObserver        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hi$n)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fq)
===============================================================================
  convertResultToString    public convertResultToString(java.lang.Object)
  performFiltering         protected performFiltering(java.lang.CharSequence)
  publishResults           protected publishResults(java.lang.CharSequence,android.widget.Filter$FilterResults)

android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter$CursorFilterClient        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fq$t)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract changeCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  o    public abstract convertToString(android.database.Cursor)
  t    public abstract getCursor()
  y    public abstract runQueryOnBackgroundThread(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v4.widget.CursorFilter$IOException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga)
===============================================================================
  a                                public setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  a                                private static hasOpaqueBackground(android.view.View)
  b                                private hasPeekingDrawer()
  c                                public openDrawer(android.view.View)
  c                                closeDrawers(boolean)
  c                                public setDrawerShadow(int,int)
  d                                public closeDrawer(android.view.View)
  e                                public closeDrawers()
  e                                isDrawerView(android.view.View)
  e                                public setDrawerTitle(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval__                           static access$200()
  eval_c                           public setScrimColor(int)
  eval_d                           cancelChildViewTouch()
  eval_e                           isContentView(android.view.View)
  eval_k                           static gravityToString(int)
  eval_l                           public openDrawer(int)
  eval_v                           public isDrawerVisible(int)
  eval_z                           private static includeChildForAccessibility(android.view.View)
  f                                private findVisibleDrawer()
  f                                public getDrawerTitle(int)
  g                                public isDrawerOpen(int)
  g                                updateDrawerState(int,int,android.view.View)
  h                                public setStatusBarBackground(int)
  i                                public setDrawerListener(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener)
  i                                dispatchOnDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  i                                findDrawerWithGravity(int)
  j                                getDrawerViewAbsoluteGravity(android.view.View)
  j                                public getDrawerLockMode(int)
  k                                getDrawerViewOffset(android.view.View)
  l                                findOpenDrawer()
  l                                static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout)
  l                                setDrawerViewOffset(android.view.View,float)
  l                                public setDrawerLockMode(int,android.view.View)
  m                                static access$100()
  m                                public isDrawerVisible(android.view.View)
  m                                checkDrawerViewAbsoluteGravity(android.view.View,int)
  n                                public setDrawerShadow(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  n                                public isDrawerOpen(android.view.View)
  o                                dispatchOnDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)
  o                                public setChildInsets(java.lang.Object,boolean)
  p                                moveDrawerToOffset(android.view.View,float)
  q                                public getStatusBarBackgroundDrawable()
  q                                static access$400(android.view.View)
  r                                public setDrawerLockMode(int,int)
  t                                public closeDrawer(int)
  u                                private hasVisibleDrawer()
  u                                dispatchOnDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  w                                private updateChildrenImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,boolean)
  x                                public getDrawerLockMode(android.view.View)
  y                                public setDrawerLockMode(int)
  z                                public setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  computeScroll                    public computeScroll()
  drawChild                        protected drawChild(android.graphics.Canvas,android.view.View,long)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onAttachedToWindow               protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onDraw                           public onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInterceptTouchEvent            public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onKeyDown                        public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onKeyUp                          public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState           protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState              protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent   public requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)
  requestLayout                    public requestLayout()

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$AccessibilityDelegate     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$d)
===============================================================================
  h    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  j    private copyNodeInfoNoChildren(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  n    private addChildrenForAccessibility(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat,android.view.ViewGroup)
  n    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  p    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  t    public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ChildAccessibilityDelegate        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$s)
===============================================================================
  h    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImpl    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$w)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract getDefaultStatusBarBackground(android.content.Context)
  f    public abstract getTopInset(java.lang.Object)
  k    public abstract applyMarginInsets(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,java.lang.Object,int)
  p    public abstract dispatchChildInsets(android.view.View,java.lang.Object,int)
  z    public abstract configureApplyInsets(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImplApi21       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$i)
===============================================================================
  c    public getDefaultStatusBarBackground(android.content.Context)
  f    public getTopInset(java.lang.Object)
  k    public applyMarginInsets(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,java.lang.Object,int)
  p    public dispatchChildInsets(android.view.View,java.lang.Object,int)
  z    public configureApplyInsets(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerLayoutCompatImplBase        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$a)
===============================================================================
  c    public getDefaultStatusBarBackground(android.content.Context)
  f    public getTopInset(java.lang.Object)
  k    public applyMarginInsets(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,java.lang.Object,int)
  p    public dispatchChildInsets(android.view.View,java.lang.Object,int)
  z    public configureApplyInsets(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$o)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract onDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)
  l    public abstract onDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  x    public abstract onDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  y    public abstract onDrawerStateChanged(int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$EdgeGravity       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$u)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$IOException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_co)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LayoutParams      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$eval_b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$LockMode  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$f)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$f$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SimpleDrawerListener      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$n)
===============================================================================
  k    public onDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)
  l    public onDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  x    public onDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  y    public onDrawerStateChanged(int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$State     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$c)
===============================================================================
  a        public removeCallbacks()
  a        public onViewCaptured(android.view.View,int)
  e        public onViewDragStateChanged(int)
  eval_u   private peekDrawer()
  g        static access$000(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback)
  h        public onEdgeTouched(int,int)
  k        private closeOtherDrawer()
  l        public clampViewPositionVertical(android.view.View,int,int)
  m        public onViewReleased(android.view.View,float,float)
  p        public onViewPositionChanged(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  q        public tryCaptureView(android.view.View,int)
  t        public clampViewPositionHorizontal(android.view.View,int,int)
  v        public getViewHorizontalDragRange(android.view.View)
  w        public onEdgeDragStarted(int,int)
  x        public setDragger(android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper)
  x        public onEdgeLock(int)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback$1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ga$c$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback$NullPointerException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ui)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wu)
===============================================================================
  a    public static applyMarginInsets(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,java.lang.Object,int)
  c    public static getTopInset(java.lang.Object)
  e    public static configureApplyInsets(android.view.View)
  l    public static dispatchChildInsets(android.view.View,java.lang.Object,int)
  v    public static getDefaultStatusBarBackground(android.content.Context)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ut)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutCompatApi21$InsetsListener (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wu$e)
===============================================================================
  onApplyWindowInsets  public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutImpl       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ix)
===============================================================================
  o    public abstract setChildInsets(java.lang.Object,boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutImpl$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pa)
===============================================================================
  i    public onRelease()
  q    public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  s    public setSize(int,int)
  w    public onAbsorb(int)
  x    public isFinished()
  x    public onPull(float)
  y    public finish()

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$BaseEdgeEffectImpl    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pa$b)
===============================================================================
  g    public isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  n    public newEdgeEffect(android.content.Context)
  p    public onRelease(java.lang.Object)
  r    public finish(java.lang.Object)
  r    public onAbsorb(java.lang.Object,int)
  s    public draw(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Canvas)
  x    public onPull(java.lang.Object,float)
  z    public setSize(java.lang.Object,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectIcsImpl     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pa$s)
===============================================================================
  g    public isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  n    public newEdgeEffect(android.content.Context)
  p    public onRelease(java.lang.Object)
  r    public finish(java.lang.Object)
  r    public onAbsorb(java.lang.Object,int)
  s    public draw(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Canvas)
  x    public onPull(java.lang.Object,float)
  z    public setSize(java.lang.Object,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$EdgeEffectImpl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pa$k)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  n    public abstract newEdgeEffect(android.content.Context)
  p    public abstract onRelease(java.lang.Object)
  r    public abstract finish(java.lang.Object)
  r    public abstract onAbsorb(java.lang.Object,int)
  s    public abstract draw(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Canvas)
  x    public abstract onPull(java.lang.Object,float)
  z    public abstract setSize(java.lang.Object,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatIcs    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mq)
===============================================================================
  g    public static newEdgeEffect(android.content.Context)
  i    public static isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  p    public static finish(java.lang.Object)
  p    public static draw(java.lang.Object,android.graphics.Canvas)
  q    public static onPull(java.lang.Object,float)
  s    public static onAbsorb(java.lang.Object,int)
  u    public static setSize(java.lang.Object,int,int)
  z    public static onRelease(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompatIcs$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y8)
===============================================================================
  a        private intersectVisibleToUser(android.graphics.Rect)
  a        private createEventForHost(int)
  b        private performActionForChild(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  c        private createNodeForHost()
  d        private updateHoveredVirtualView(int)
  eval_l   protected abstract getVirtualViewAt(float,float)
  eval_p   private createNodeForChild(int)
  eval_y   private isAccessibilityFocused(int)
  h        public invalidateRoot()
  h        public dispatchHoverEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  h        protected abstract onPerformActionForVirtualView(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  i        private performActionForHost(int,android.os.Bundle)
  j        public sendEventForVirtualView(int,int)
  j        protected abstract getVisibleVirtualViews(java.util.List)
  m        static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper,int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  m        private clearAccessibilityFocus(int)
  m        protected abstract onPopulateEventForVirtualView(int,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  m        private createEvent(int,int)
  o        static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper,int)
  r        private performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  s        public getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
  t        public getFocusedVirtualView()
  v        private createNode(int)
  v        private createEventForChild(int,int)
  v        private manageFocusForChild(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
  x        public invalidateVirtualView(int)
  y        private requestAccessibilityFocus(int)
  y        protected abstract onPopulateNodeForVirtualView(int,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)

android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y8$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper$ExploreByTouchNodeProvider        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y8$d)
===============================================================================
  eval_z   public createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
  z        public performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ve)
===============================================================================
  w    public static createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$BaseListPopupWindowImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ve$q)
===============================================================================
  b    public createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$KitKatListPopupWindowImpl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ve$b)
===============================================================================
  b    public createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$ListPopupWindowImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ve$i)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompat$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompatKitKat    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cj)
===============================================================================
  k    public static createDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.ListPopupWindowCompatKitKat$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ls)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ListViewAutoScrollHelper       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ew)
===============================================================================
  a        public canTargetScrollVertically(int)
  eval_r   public canTargetScrollHorizontally(int)
  s        public scrollTargetBy(int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ListViewAutoScrollHelper$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ok)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zb)
===============================================================================
  c                    static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable,float,android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring)
  eval_x               setRotation(float)
  f                    static access$502(android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable,float)
  g                    public setBackgroundColor(int)
  h                    public updateSizes(int)
  l                    public showArrow(boolean)
  l                    public setArrowScale(float)
  l                    private applyFinishTranslation(float,android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring)
  m                    private getRotation()
  o                    static access$300()
  p                    public setStartEndTrim(float,float)
  r                    public setProgressRotation(float)
  v                    private setupAnimators()
  x                    public transient setColorSchemeColors(int[])
  y                    static access$500(android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable)
  z                    static access$400()
  z                    private setSizeParameters(double,double,double,double,float,float)
  draw                 public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getAlpha             public getAlpha()
  getIntrinsicHeight   public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth    public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getOpacity           public getOpacity()
  isRunning            public isRunning()
  setAlpha             public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter       public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  start                public start()
  stop                 public stop()

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zb$1)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$2     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zb$2)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$3     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zb$3)
===============================================================================
  invalidateDrawable   public invalidateDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  scheduleDrawable     public scheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  unscheduleDrawable   public unscheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$EndCurveInterpolator  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zb$q)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$ProgressDrawableSize  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zb$u)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$Ring  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zb$r)
===============================================================================
  a        public getStartingEndTrim()
  b        public getCenterRadius()
  b        public setAlpha(int)
  c        public setShowArrow(boolean)
  e        private invalidateSelf()
  e        public draw(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Rect)
  eval_e   public getStartingRotation()
  eval_e   public setArrowDimensions(float,float)
  eval_o   public storeOriginals()
  eval_q   public setCenterRadius(double)
  eval_r   public getRotation()
  h        public getInsets()
  h        public setArrowScale(float)
  i        public getStartingStartTrim()
  j        public resetOriginals()
  j        public setInsets(int,int)
  m        public getAlpha()
  m        public setColorIndex(int)
  n        public setStartTrim(float)
  p        public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  p        public setEndTrim(float)
  p        public setBackgroundColor(int)
  q        public getStartTrim()
  s        public setStrokeWidth(float)
  u        public goToNextColor()
  v        private drawTriangle(android.graphics.Canvas,float,float,android.graphics.Rect)
  w        public getEndTrim()
  y        public getStrokeWidth()
  z        public setRotation(float)
  z        public setColors(int[])

android.support.v4.widget.MaterialProgressDrawable$StartCurveInterpolator        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zb$m)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jd)
===============================================================================
  w    public static getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$BasePopupMenuImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jd$j)
===============================================================================
  d    public getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$KitKatPopupMenuImpl    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jd$o)
===============================================================================
  d    public getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompat$PopupMenuImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jd$eval_d)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompatKitKat  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qp)
===============================================================================
  s    public static getDragToOpenListener(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupMenuCompatKitKat$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u8)
===============================================================================
  k    public static showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$BasePopupWindowImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u8$p)
===============================================================================
  f    public showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$IOException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$KitKatPopupWindowImpl        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u8$n)
===============================================================================
  f    public showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompat$PopupWindowImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u8$c)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatKitKat        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gb)
===============================================================================
  q    public static showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.PopupWindowCompatKitKat$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mb)
===============================================================================
  e    public newDropDownView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  f    public setViewResource(int)
  o    public setDropDownViewResource(int)
  w    public newView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v4.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zj)
===============================================================================
  a        public getCurrY()
  c        public getFinalY()
  e        public abortAnimation()
  eval_l   public computeScrollOffset()
  eval_n   public isFinished()
  eval_q   public notifyVerticalEdgeReached(int,int,int)
  g        public getFinalX()
  g        public fling(int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  m        public isOverScrolled()
  n        public static create(android.content.Context)
  n        public startScroll(int,int,int,int)
  o        public startScroll(int,int,int,int,int)
  p        public static create(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  u        public getCurrX()
  u        public notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(int,int,int)
  x        public getCurrVelocity()
  x        public fling(int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$NullPointerException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zj$h)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract getFinalX(java.lang.Object)
  b        public abstract notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  eval_l   public abstract getFinalY(java.lang.Object)
  f        public abstract fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  g        public abstract isOverScrolled(java.lang.Object)
  h        public abstract startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int)
  h        public abstract fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  j        public abstract isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  k        public abstract getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)
  l        public abstract computeScrollOffset(java.lang.Object)
  l        public abstract startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int)
  p        public abstract createScroller(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  p        public abstract getCurrY(java.lang.Object)
  r        public abstract abortAnimation(java.lang.Object)
  t        public abstract getCurrX(java.lang.Object)
  w        public abstract notifyVerticalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplBase  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zj$z)
===============================================================================
  b        public getFinalX(java.lang.Object)
  b        public notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  eval_l   public getFinalY(java.lang.Object)
  f        public fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  g        public isOverScrolled(java.lang.Object)
  h        public startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int)
  h        public fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  j        public isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  k        public getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)
  l        public computeScrollOffset(java.lang.Object)
  l        public startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int)
  p        public createScroller(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  p        public getCurrY(java.lang.Object)
  r        public abortAnimation(java.lang.Object)
  t        public getCurrX(java.lang.Object)
  w        public notifyVerticalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplGingerbread   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zj$i)
===============================================================================
  b        public getFinalX(java.lang.Object)
  b        public notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  eval_l   public getFinalY(java.lang.Object)
  f        public fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  g        public isOverScrolled(java.lang.Object)
  h        public startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int)
  h        public fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  j        public isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  k        public getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)
  l        public computeScrollOffset(java.lang.Object)
  l        public startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int)
  p        public createScroller(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  p        public getCurrY(java.lang.Object)
  r        public abortAnimation(java.lang.Object)
  t        public getCurrX(java.lang.Object)
  w        public notifyVerticalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompat$ScrollerCompatImplIcs   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zj$e)
===============================================================================
  k    public getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatGingerbread      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zi)
===============================================================================
  c        public static createScroller(android.content.Context,android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  c        public static startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int)
  d        public static notifyVerticalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  e        public static startScroll(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int)
  eval__   public static getFinalY(java.lang.Object)
  eval_z   public static isOverScrolled(java.lang.Object)
  h        public static getCurrX(java.lang.Object)
  l        public static isFinished(java.lang.Object)
  m        public static notifyHorizontalEdgeReached(java.lang.Object,int,int,int)
  m        public static fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  o        public static getCurrY(java.lang.Object)
  q        public static abortAnimation(java.lang.Object)
  t        public static getFinalX(java.lang.Object)
  v        public static fling(java.lang.Object,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)
  x        public static computeScrollOffset(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatGingerbread$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_py)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatIcs      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_en)
===============================================================================
  x    public static getCurrVelocity(java.lang.Object)

android.support.v4.widget.ScrollerCompatIcs$IOException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua)
===============================================================================
  b    static access$000()
  b    public static getQuery(android.view.View)
  c    public static setOnQueryTextListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat)
  e    public static setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  e    public static setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  g    public static setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  h    public static setInputType(android.view.View,int)
  k    public static setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  l    public static isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  l    public static setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)
  l    public static setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  m    public static setOnCloseListener(android.view.View,android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat)
  o    public static isIconified(android.view.View)
  r    public static setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  t    public static isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  x    public static newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  z    public static setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua$v)
===============================================================================
  c    public onClose()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua$m)
===============================================================================
  n    public onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)
  y    public onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua$eval_u)
===============================================================================
  b        public isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  c        public getQuery(android.view.View)
  eval_g   public setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  f        public setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  g        public isIconified(android.view.View)
  i        public newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  i        public isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  k        public setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  l        public setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  m        public newOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat)
  n        public setOnCloseListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  o        public setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  q        public setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  u        public setOnQueryTextListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  z        public newOnCloseListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat)
  z        public setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua$eval_u$1)
===============================================================================
  x    public onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  y    public onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$2       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua$eval_u$2)
===============================================================================
  g    public onClose()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatHoneycombImpl$ParseException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatIcsImpl       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua$c)
===============================================================================
  i    public newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  l    public setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  s    public setInputType(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatImpl  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua$eval_d)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  c        public abstract getQuery(android.view.View)
  eval_g   public abstract setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  f        public abstract setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  g        public abstract isIconified(android.view.View)
  i        public abstract newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  i        public abstract isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  k        public abstract setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  l        public abstract setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  l        public abstract setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  m        public abstract newOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat)
  n        public abstract setOnCloseListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  o        public abstract setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  q        public abstract setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public abstract setInputType(android.view.View,int)
  u        public abstract setOnQueryTextListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  z        public abstract newOnCloseListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat)
  z        public abstract setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$SearchViewCompatStubImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ua$eval_s)
===============================================================================
  b        public isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  c        public getQuery(android.view.View)
  eval_g   public setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  f        public setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  g        public isIconified(android.view.View)
  i        public newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  i        public isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  k        public setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)
  l        public setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  l        public setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)
  m        public newOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnQueryTextListenerCompat)
  n        public setOnCloseListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  o        public setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  q        public setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public setInputType(android.view.View,int)
  u        public setOnQueryTextListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  z        public newOnCloseListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompat$OnCloseListenerCompat)
  z        public setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ei)
===============================================================================
  a        public static isIconified(android.view.View)
  e        public static setOnQueryTextListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  eval_r   public static setOnCloseListener(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
  eval_s   public static setQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  f        public static newOnCloseListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnCloseListenerCompatBridge)
  f        public static newOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnQueryTextListenerCompatBridge)
  f        public static setQueryHint(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public static setIconified(android.view.View,boolean)
  j        public static isQueryRefinementEnabled(android.view.View)
  j        public static setSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
  n        public static setSearchableInfo(android.view.View,android.content.ComponentName)
  o        public static isSubmitButtonEnabled(android.view.View)
  r        public static getQuery(android.view.View)
  w        public static setQuery(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  x        public static newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  y        public static setMaxWidth(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ei$1)
===============================================================================
  onQueryTextChange    public onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  onQueryTextSubmit    public onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$2    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ei$2)
===============================================================================
  onClose  public onClose()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__l)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnCloseListenerCompatBridge  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ei$t)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract onClose()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatHoneycomb$OnQueryTextListenerCompatBridge      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ei$g)
===============================================================================
  x    public abstract onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
  y    public abstract onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__6)
===============================================================================
  p    public static setInputType(android.view.View,int)
  q    public static newSearchView(android.content.Context)
  u    public static setImeOptions(android.view.View,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs$MySearchView       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__6$q)
===============================================================================
  onActionViewCollapsed    public onActionViewCollapsed()

android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sr)
===============================================================================
  e    public setCursorToStringConverter(android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$CursorToStringConverter)
  e    private findColumns(java.lang.String[])
  g    public swapCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  h    public setViewImage(android.widget.ImageView,java.lang.String)
  m    public getStringConversionColumn()
  o    public convertToString(android.database.Cursor)
  o    public changeCursorAndColumns(android.database.Cursor,java.lang.String[],int[])
  p    public setViewBinder(android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$ViewBinder)
  t    public setViewText(android.widget.TextView,java.lang.String)
  t    public setStringConversionColumn(int)
  v    public bindView(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor)
  w    public getViewBinder()
  x    public getCursorToStringConverter()

android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$CursorToStringConverter    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sr$y)
===============================================================================
  p    public abstract convertToString(android.database.Cursor)

android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wa)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$ViewBinder (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sr$n)
===============================================================================
  t    public abstract setViewValue(android.view.View,android.database.Cursor,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd)
===============================================================================
  a                            public smoothSlideOpen()
  a                            private invalidateChildRegion(android.view.View)
  b                            public getCoveredFadeColor()
  b                            static access$800(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  b                            public setPanelSlideListener(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener)
  b                            private onPanelDragged(int)
  c                            public closePane()
  c                            private closePane(android.view.View,int)
  d                            public getParallaxDistance()
  d                            public setCoveredFadeColor(int)
  eval__                       static access$1100(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  eval_b                       private isLayoutRtlSupport()
  eval_e                       private openPane(android.view.View,int)
  eval_v                       public smoothSlideClosed()
  f                            public setShadowDrawableLeft(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  f                            static access$600(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,int)
  g                            setAllChildrenVisible()
  g                            static access$400(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  i                            private static viewIsOpaque(android.view.View)
  j                            public setShadowDrawableRight(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  j                            static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  k                            static access$1000(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)
  k                            updateObscuredViewsVisibility(android.view.View)
  p                            public getSliderFadeColor()
  p                            public setShadowDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p                            protected canScroll(android.view.View,boolean,int,int,int)
  q                            dispatchOnPanelSlide(android.view.View)
  r                            public openPane()
  r                            private dimChildView(android.view.View,float,int)
  t                            static access$700(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  t                            public setSliderFadeColor(int)
  u                            static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  u                            dispatchOnPanelOpened(android.view.View)
  u                            private parallaxOtherViews(float)
  v                            public isSlideable()
  v                            dispatchOnPanelClosed(android.view.View)
  w                            static access$502(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,boolean)
  w                            smoothSlideTo(float,int)
  w                            public setShadowResourceRight(int)
  x                            public canSlide()
  x                            public setShadowResource(int)
  y                            public isOpen()
  y                            static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout)
  y                            public setShadowResourceLeft(int)
  z                            isDimmed(android.view.View)
  z                            public setParallaxDistance(int)
  checkLayoutParams            protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  computeScroll                public computeScroll()
  draw                         public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawChild                    protected drawChild(android.graphics.Canvas,android.view.View,long)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams         protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onAttachedToWindow           protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow         protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onInterceptTouchEvent        public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                     protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState       protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState          protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onSizeChanged                protected onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
  onTouchEvent                 public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  requestChildFocus            public requestChildFocus(android.view.View,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$AccessibilityDelegate        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$p)
===============================================================================
  b    public filter(android.view.View)
  h    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)
  n    public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  p    public onRequestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.ViewGroup,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  s    private copyNodeInfoNoChildren(android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat,android.support.v4.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$DisableLayerRunnable (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$e)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$DragHelperCallback   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$b)
===============================================================================
  a    public onViewCaptured(android.view.View,int)
  e    public onViewDragStateChanged(int)
  l    public clampViewPositionVertical(android.view.View,int,int)
  m    public onViewReleased(android.view.View,float,float)
  p    public onViewPositionChanged(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  q    public tryCaptureView(android.view.View,int)
  t    public clampViewPositionHorizontal(android.view.View,int,int)
  v    public getViewHorizontalDragRange(android.view.View)
  w    public onEdgeDragStarted(int,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$IOException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_la)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$LayoutParams (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$z)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$j)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onPanelClosed(android.view.View)
  n    public abstract onPanelSlide(android.view.View,float)
  t    public abstract onPanelOpened(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$g)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$g$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState$Exception (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SimplePanelSlideListener     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$n)
===============================================================================
  a    public onPanelClosed(android.view.View)
  n    public onPanelSlide(android.view.View,float)
  t    public onPanelOpened(android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImpl       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$h)
===============================================================================
  q    public abstract invalidateChildRegion(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplBase   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$eval_q)
===============================================================================
  q    public invalidateChildRegion(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplJB     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$eval_d)
===============================================================================
  q    public invalidateChildRegion(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SlidingPanelLayoutImplJBMR1  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nd$eval_f)
===============================================================================
  q    public invalidateChildRegion(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout,android.view.View)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeProgressBar       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lx)
===============================================================================
  b    setBounds(int,int,int,int)
  c    isRunning()
  h    start()
  i    setColorScheme(int,int,int,int)
  l    stop()
  n    setTriggerPercentage(float)
  q    draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  r    private drawTrigger(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int)
  x    private drawCircle(android.graphics.Canvas,float,float,int,float)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeProgressBar$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_t3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9)
===============================================================================
  a                                static access$100(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  a                                private setColorViewAlpha(int)
  d                                private animateOffsetToCorrectPosition(int,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  e                                static access$300(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  e                                static access$802(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,int)
  e                                private setAnimationProgress(float)
  eval__                           private ensureTarget()
  eval__                           public transient setColorSchemeColors(int[])
  eval_b                           static access$600(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  eval_c                           static access$700(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,float)
  eval_f                           public setProgressBackgroundColorSchemeResource(int)
  eval_i                           static access$200(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  eval_t                           private createProgressView()
  eval_t                           static access$1400(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  eval_t                           private isAnimationRunning(android.view.animation.Animation)
  eval_v                           private startScaleDownAnimation(android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  eval_z                           static access$800(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  f                                private startProgressAlphaMaxAnimation()
  f                                public setProgressViewOffset(boolean,int,int)
  h                                private startScaleDownReturnToStartAnimation(int,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  i                                public canChildScrollUp()
  i                                public transient setColorScheme(int[])
  j                                public setSize(int)
  l                                static access$1000(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  l                                public transient setColorSchemeResources(int[])
  m                                public isRefreshing()
  m                                static access$900(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,int,boolean)
  m                                private startAlphaAnimation(int,int)
  n                                public setDistanceToTriggerSync(int)
  p                                private isAlphaUsedForScale()
  p                                static access$500(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,int)
  p                                private animateOffsetToStartPosition(int,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  q                                static access$000(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  r                                static access$1200(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  r                                public setProgressViewEndTarget(boolean,int)
  r                                public setProgressBackgroundColorSchemeColor(int)
  r                                private setTargetOffsetTopAndBottom(int,boolean)
  s                                private startProgressAlphaStartAnimation()
  s                                public setRefreshing(boolean)
  s                                public setProgressBackgroundColor(int)
  t                                private startScaleUpAnimation(android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
  v                                static access$400(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  w                                public getProgressCircleDiameter()
  w                                public setOnRefreshListener(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener)
  w                                private moveToStart(float)
  x                                static access$1100(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout)
  x                                static access$1300(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,float)
  y                                private onSecondaryPointerUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
  y                                private getMotionEventY(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  y                                private setRefreshing(boolean,boolean)
  getChildDrawingOrder             protected getChildDrawingOrder(int,int)
  onInterceptTouchEvent            public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        public onMeasure(int,int)
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent   public requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$1)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$2   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$2)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$3   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$3)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$4   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$4)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$5   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$5)
===============================================================================
  onAnimationEnd       public onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationRepeat    public onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation)
  onAnimationStart     public onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$6   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$6)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$7   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$7)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$8   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$8)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  public applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l9$k)
===============================================================================
  t    public abstract onRefresh()

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jn)
===============================================================================
  b        public checkTouchSlop(int)
  c        private reportNewEdgeDrags(float,float,int)
  c        private dragTo(int,int,int,int)
  e        public isViewUnder(android.view.View,int,int)
  e        public static create(android.view.ViewGroup,android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$Callback)
  e        public findTopChildUnder(int,int)
  eval_c   public static create(android.view.ViewGroup,float,android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$Callback)
  eval_d   public shouldInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  eval_f   private clearMotionHistory()
  eval_j   private getEdgesTouched(int,int)
  eval_t   setDragState(int)
  eval_u   public isPointerDown(int)
  f        private computeAxisDuration(int,int,int)
  f        public flingCapturedView(int,int,int,int)
  h        public cancel()
  h        public setMinVelocity(float)
  i        private clampMag(float,float,float)
  i        public checkTouchSlop(int,int)
  i        private clampMag(int,int,int)
  j        private releaseViewForPointerUp()
  k        public getActivePointerId()
  k        public captureChildView(android.view.View,int)
  l        private ensureMotionHistorySizeForId(int)
  l        public settleCapturedViewAt(int,int)
  m        public getViewDragState()
  m        private checkNewEdgeDrag(float,float,int,int)
  n        private distanceInfluenceForSnapDuration(float)
  n        private forceSettleCapturedViewAt(int,int,int,int)
  p        public getMinVelocity()
  q        public getTouchSlop()
  q        public processTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  q        private computeSettleDuration(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  q        public isEdgeTouched(int)
  q        public isCapturedViewUnder(int,int)
  s        public getEdgeSize()
  t        private saveLastMotion(android.view.MotionEvent)
  t        tryCaptureViewForDrag(android.view.View,int)
  u        private dispatchViewReleased(float,float)
  v        private checkTouchSlop(android.view.View,float,float)
  w        public getCapturedView()
  x        public abort()
  x        public smoothSlideViewTo(android.view.View,int,int)
  x        private clearMotionHistory(int)
  y        protected canScroll(android.view.View,boolean,int,int,int,int)
  y        private saveInitialMotion(float,float,int)
  y        public isEdgeTouched(int,int)
  z        public continueSettling(boolean)
  z        public setEdgeTrackingEnabled(int)

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jn$1)
===============================================================================
  getInterpolation public getInterpolation(float)

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$2       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jn$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$Callback        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jn$h)
===============================================================================
  a    public onViewCaptured(android.view.View,int)
  e    public onViewDragStateChanged(int)
  g    public getOrderedChildIndex(int)
  h    public onEdgeTouched(int,int)
  i    public getViewVerticalDragRange(android.view.View)
  l    public clampViewPositionVertical(android.view.View,int,int)
  m    public onViewReleased(android.view.View,float,float)
  p    public onViewPositionChanged(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  q    public abstract tryCaptureView(android.view.View,int)
  t    public clampViewPositionHorizontal(android.view.View,int,int)
  v    public getViewHorizontalDragRange(android.view.View)
  w    public onEdgeDragStarted(int,int)
  x    public onEdgeLock(int)

android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$NullPointerException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln)
===============================================================================
  b        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  c        public abstract getSubtitle()
  c        public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams)
  d        public abstract setListNavigationCallbacks(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener)
  d        public setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
  d        public abstract setTitle(int)
  e        public abstract setIcon(int)
  eval__   public abstract show()
  eval__   public dispatchMenuVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  eval_b   public openOptionsMenu()
  eval_c   public abstract isShowing()
  eval_c   public onMenuKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  eval_e   public setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  eval_h   public invalidateOptionsMenu()
  eval_i   public abstract getTabCount()
  eval_j   public abstract getCustomView()
  eval_l   public abstract addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int,boolean)
  eval_m   public collapseActionView()
  eval_p   public isHideOnContentScrollEnabled()
  eval_r   public isTitleTruncated()
  eval_x   public setHomeActionContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  g        public abstract getTitle()
  g        public abstract removeTabAt(int)
  h        public abstract getNavigationMode()
  h        public abstract setDisplayUseLogoEnabled(boolean)
  i        public abstract getSelectedTab()
  k        public abstract hide()
  k        public setDefaultDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  l        public abstract getDisplayOptions()
  l        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  m        public getHideOffset()
  m        public abstract addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int)
  n        public abstract getNavigationItemCount()
  n        public setHideOffset(int)
  o        public abstract getHeight()
  o        public setStackedBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  o        public abstract setCustomView(int)
  o        public abstract setDisplayOptions(int,int)
  o        public abstract setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  p        public abstract removeOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  p        public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View)
  p        public abstract setSelectedNavigationItem(int)
  p        public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public abstract newTab()
  q        public abstract addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  r        public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  r        public abstract selectTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  r        public abstract setDisplayShowCustomEnabled(boolean)
  r        public abstract setSubtitle(int)
  r        public abstract setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public getThemedContext()
  s        public abstract setNavigationMode(int)
  t        public setSplitBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t        public abstract setDisplayShowTitleEnabled(boolean)
  u        public abstract setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  u        public abstract setDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  u        public setElevation(float)
  v        public abstract addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  v        public startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  v        public setShowHideAnimationEnabled(boolean)
  v        public abstract getTabAt(int)
  w        public getElevation()
  w        public abstract setDisplayShowHomeEnabled(boolean)
  w        public abstract setLogo(int)
  x        public abstract removeAllTabs()
  x        public setHomeActionContentDescription(int)
  y        public abstract setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  y        public abstract addOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  y        public abstract removeTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  y        public abstract setDisplayOptions(int)
  z        public abstract getSelectedNavigationIndex()
  z        public onKeyShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Callback        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln$i)
===============================================================================
  eval_u   public abstract getSupportFragmentManager()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$DisplayOptions  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln$x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln$u)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$NavigationMode  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln$p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln$v)
===============================================================================
  eval_z   public abstract onMenuVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln$t)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract onNavigationItemSelected(int,long)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$ParseException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln$a)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract getContentDescription()
  b        public abstract setIcon(int)
  e        public abstract setTag(java.lang.Object)
  eval_p   public abstract getCustomView()
  g        public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  i        public abstract setCustomView(int)
  j        public abstract getTag()
  k        public abstract setContentDescription(int)
  l        public abstract setTabListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$TabListener)
  l        public abstract setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public abstract getIcon()
  q        public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View)
  q        public abstract setText(int)
  q        public abstract setContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  u        public abstract getText()
  x        public abstract getPosition()
  y        public abstract select()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$TabListener     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ln$n)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract onTabSelected(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction)
  g    public abstract onTabReselected(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction)
  j    public abstract onTabUnselected(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xn)
===============================================================================
  a                        public onSupportActionModeStarted(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  b                        public getV7DrawerToggleDelegate()
  b                        public onPrepareSupportNavigateUpTaskStack(android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder)
  b                        superSetContentView(int)
  c                        superSetContentView(android.view.View)
  c                        superOnMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  eval_a                   superOnPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  eval_d                   private getDelegate()
  eval_j                   public final getDrawerToggleDelegate()
  eval_l                   public supportNavigateUpTo(android.content.Intent)
  eval_v                   public setSupportProgressBarIndeterminateVisibility(boolean)
  eval_x                   public getSupportActionBar()
  f                        superSetContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  i                        public getSupportParentActivityIntent()
  i                        public setSupportProgress(int)
  j                        public onCreateSupportNavigateUpTaskStack(android.support.v4.app.TaskStackBuilder)
  k                        public startSupportActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  l                        public onSupportActionModeFinished(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  l                        superAddContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  m                        public setSupportActionBar(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  m                        protected onPrepareOptionsPanel(android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  m                        public setSupportProgressBarVisibility(boolean)
  n                        public supportShouldUpRecreateTask(android.content.Intent)
  p                        public supportRequestWindowFeature(int)
  s                        public supportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
  v                        superOnCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  w                        public onSupportNavigateUp()
  w                        superOnPrepareOptionsPanel(android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  y                        public onSupportContentChanged()
  y                        public setSupportProgressBarIndeterminate(boolean)
  y                        superOnPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  addContentView           public addContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  dispatchKeyEvent         public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  getMenuInflater          public getMenuInflater()
  invalidateOptionsMenu    public invalidateOptionsMenu()
  onBackPressed            public onBackPressed()
  onConfigurationChanged   public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onContentChanged         public final onContentChanged()
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreatePanelMenu        public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  onCreateView             public onCreateView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  onDestroy                protected onDestroy()
  onKeyShortcut            public onKeyShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onMenuItemSelected       public final onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  onMenuOpened             public onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  onPanelClosed            public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  onPostCreate             protected onPostCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onPostResume             protected onPostResume()
  onPreparePanel           public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  onStop                   protected onStop()
  onTitleChanged           protected onTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int)
  setContentView           public setContentView(android.view.View)
  setContentView           public setContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  setContentView           public setContentView(int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity$NullPointerException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_on)
===============================================================================
  a        final getWindowCallback()
  a        abstract setContentView(android.view.View)
  b        abstract startSupportActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  c        getMenuInflater()
  c        abstract onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  d        final getV7DrawerToggleDelegate()
  e        abstract setSupportProgressBarIndeterminateVisibility(boolean)
  eval_d   abstract onPostResume()
  eval_m   final setWindowCallback(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback)
  eval_s   abstract onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  eval_t   abstract onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  eval_y   protected final getActionBarThemedContext()
  f        final getUiOptionsFromMetadata()
  f        abstract dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  h        final isDestroyed()
  i        final getSupportActionBar()
  i        abstract supportRequestWindowFeature(int)
  j        onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  k        abstract getHomeAsUpIndicatorAttrId()
  k        abstract setSupportProgressBarIndeterminate(boolean)
  l        abstract onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  m        abstract onContentChanged()
  m        abstract addContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  n        abstract onStop()
  n        abstract onPostCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  n        abstract setContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  n        abstract setSupportProgress(int)
  n        abstract createView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  o        final destroy()
  p        abstract setContentView(int)
  q        abstract onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  r        final peekSupportActionBar()
  r        abstract onKeyShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  t        abstract onBackPressed()
  u        final getDrawerToggleDelegate()
  u        abstract setSupportProgressBarVisibility(boolean)
  v        abstract setSupportActionBar(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  w        abstract supportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
  w        abstract startSupportActionModeFromWindow(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  w        onPrepareOptionsPanel(android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  x        static createDelegate(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity)
  y        abstract createSupportActionBar()
  y        protected final setSupportActionBar(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar)
  y        abstract onTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_on$1)
===============================================================================
  a    public onCreatePanelView(int)
  a    public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  j    public startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  k    public onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  m    public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  t    public onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  u    public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$ActionBarDrawableToggleImpl     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_on$b)
===============================================================================
  g    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  j    public isNavigationVisible()
  o    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  p    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  z    public getActionBarThemedContext()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegate$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_)
===============================================================================
  a        private openPanel(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,android.view.KeyEvent)
  a        public setContentView(android.view.View)
  b        public startSupportActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  b        private closePanel(int)
  c        static access$000(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase)
  c        private findMenuPanel(android.view.Menu)
  c        public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  d        static access$002(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,int)
  e        setSupportProgressBarIndeterminateVisibility(boolean)
  eval_a   private throwFeatureRequestIfSubDecorInstalled()
  eval_d   public onPostResume()
  eval_e   onSubDecorInstalled()
  eval_h   public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  eval_m   private applyFixedSizeWindow()
  eval_o   static access$1200(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,int)
  eval_s   public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  eval_t   public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  eval_u   private updateStatusGuard(int)
  eval_y   private closePanel(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,boolean)
  f        static access$600(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,android.view.Menu)
  f        dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  g        static access$202(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,boolean)
  h        static access$800(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,boolean)
  h        private checkCloseActionMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  i        public supportRequestWindowFeature(int)
  j        onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  j        final performPanelShortcut(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,int,android.view.KeyEvent,int)
  k        getHomeAsUpIndicatorAttrId()
  k        private reopenMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  k        setSupportProgressBarIndeterminate(boolean)
  l        public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
  m        public onContentChanged()
  m        public addContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  m        private invalidatePanelMenu(int)
  m        protected onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  n        public onStop()
  n        onPostCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  n        public setContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  n        setSupportProgress(int)
  n        private callOnPanelClosed(int,android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,android.view.Menu)
  n        private onKeyUpPanel(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  n        createView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
  o        private initializePanelMenu(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState)
  o        private getPanelState(int,boolean)
  p        public setContentView(int)
  q        private initializePanelContent(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState)
  q        private doInvalidatePanelMenu(int)
  q        onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  r        onKeyShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  t        public onBackPressed()
  t        static access$700(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,int,android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,android.view.Menu)
  t        private onKeyDownPanel(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  u        setSupportProgressBarVisibility(boolean)
  v        final ensureSubDecor()
  v        static access$900(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  v        static access$100(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,int)
  v        public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  v        setSupportActionBar(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  w        public supportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
  w        private preparePanel(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState,android.view.KeyEvent)
  w        static access$300(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase,int)
  w        startSupportActionModeFromWindow(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  x        private initializePanelDecor(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState)
  y        public createSupportActionBar()
  y        protected onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  y        public onTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$2   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$2)
===============================================================================
  w    public onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$3   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$3)
===============================================================================
  eval_a   public onFitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$4   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$4)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ActionMenuPresenterCallback (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$g)
===============================================================================
  j    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  o    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ActionModeCallbackWrapper   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$m)
===============================================================================
  e    public onDestroyActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  l    public onCreateActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)
  w    public onActionItemClicked(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.MenuItem)
  y    public onPrepareActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ListMenuDecorView   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$q)
===============================================================================
  p                        private isOutOfBounds(int,int)
  dispatchKeyEvent         public dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  onInterceptTouchEvent    public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setBackgroundResource    public setBackgroundResource(int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$h)
===============================================================================
  e        public hasPanelItems()
  e        setStyle(android.content.Context)
  eval_s   onSaveInstanceState()
  h        applyFrozenState()
  h        onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  j        getListMenuView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  v        setMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  w        public clearMenuPresenters()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$NullPointerException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$h$c)
===============================================================================
  l                static access$1100(android.os.Parcel)
  u                private static readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$h$c$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelFeatureState$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_er)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$PanelMenuPresenterCallback  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j_$e)
===============================================================================
  j    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  o    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateHC       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d7)
===============================================================================
  a        public startActionModeForChild(android.view.View,android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  eval_e   onSubDecorInstalled()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateHC$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4)
===============================================================================
  b        setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  b        static access$200(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle)
  b        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  e        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  eval_g   setActionBarDescription(int)
  eval_m   public syncState()
  g        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  h        public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  i        private toggle()
  k        public onDrawerSlide(android.view.View,float)
  l        static access$000(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle)
  l        public onDrawerOpened(android.view.View)
  m        public setToolbarNavigationClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
  o        public getToolbarNavigationClickListener()
  p        getThemeUpIndicator()
  u        static access$100(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle)
  v        public isDrawerIndicatorEnabled()
  v        public setDrawerIndicatorEnabled(boolean)
  x        public onDrawerClosed(android.view.View)
  y        public onDrawerStateChanged(int)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Delegate    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$l)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract getThemeUpIndicator()
  j    public abstract isNavigationVisible()
  o    public abstract setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  p    public abstract setActionBarDescription(int)
  z    public abstract getActionBarThemedContext()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DelegateProvider    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$p)
===============================================================================
  m    public abstract getDrawerToggleDelegate()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DrawerArrowDrawableToggle   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$c)
===============================================================================
  h    public getPosition()
  n    isLayoutRtl()
  o    public setPosition(float)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DrawerToggle        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$h)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract getPosition()
  o    public abstract setPosition(float)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$DummyDelegate       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$n)
===============================================================================
  g    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  j    public isNavigationVisible()
  o    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  p    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  z    public getActionBarThemedContext()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ag)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$HoneycombDelegate   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$s)
===============================================================================
  g    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  j    public isNavigationVisible()
  o    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  p    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  z    public getActionBarThemedContext()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$JellybeanMr2Delegate        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$v)
===============================================================================
  g    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  j    public isNavigationVisible()
  o    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  p    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  z    public getActionBarThemedContext()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$TmpDelegateProvider (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$k)
===============================================================================
  b    public abstract getV7DrawerToggleDelegate()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$ToolbarCompatDelegate       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p4$q)
===============================================================================
  g    public getThemeUpIndicator()
  j    public isNavigationVisible()
  o    public setActionBarUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  p    public setActionBarDescription(int)
  z    public getActionBarThemedContext()

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a_)
===============================================================================
  d        public static setActionBarUpIndicator(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo,android.app.Activity,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  eval_i   public static setActionBarDescription(android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo,android.app.Activity,int)
  p        public static getThemeUpIndicator(android.app.Activity)

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggleHoneycomb$SetIndicatorInfo   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a_$v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.app.DrawerArrowDrawable       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_at)
===============================================================================
  eval_m               public getProgress()
  n                    abstract isLayoutRtl()
  r                    private static lerp(float,float,float)
  t                    protected setVerticalMirror(boolean)
  w                    public setProgress(float)
  draw                 public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getIntrinsicHeight   public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth    public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getOpacity           public getOpacity()
  isAutoMirrored       public isAutoMirrored()
  setAlpha             public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter       public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)

android.support.v7.app.DrawerArrowDrawable$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_de)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.BuildConfig (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.BuildConfig$NullPointerException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$NullPointerException
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.VersionUtils (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lr)
===============================================================================
  n    public static isAtLeastL()

android.support.v7.internal.VersionUtils$NullPointerException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ad)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.app.NavItemSelectedListener  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o8)
===============================================================================
  i    public onNothingSelected(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat)
  r    public onItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.app.NavItemSelectedListener$NullPointerException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_af)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d6)
===============================================================================
  b        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  c        public getSubtitle()
  c        public setCustomView(android.view.View,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams)
  d        private getListMenuView(android.view.Menu)
  d        public setListNavigationCallbacks(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener)
  d        public setTitle(int)
  e        public setIcon(int)
  eval__   public show()
  eval__   public dispatchMenuVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  eval_a   private getMenu()
  eval_b   public openOptionsMenu()
  eval_c   public isShowing()
  eval_c   public onMenuKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
  eval_e   public setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  eval_h   public invalidateOptionsMenu()
  eval_i   public getTabCount()
  eval_j   public getCustomView()
  eval_k   static access$700(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  eval_l   public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int,boolean)
  eval_l   static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  eval_m   public collapseActionView()
  eval_o   populateOptionsMenu()
  eval_r   public isTitleTruncated()
  eval_x   public setHomeActionContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  g        public getTitle()
  g        public removeTabAt(int)
  h        public getNavigationMode()
  h        public setDisplayUseLogoEnabled(boolean)
  i        public getSelectedTab()
  i        private ensureListMenuPresenter(android.view.Menu)
  k        public hide()
  k        public setDefaultDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  l        public getDisplayOptions()
  l        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  m        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int)
  m        static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  n        public getNavigationItemCount()
  o        public getHeight()
  o        public setStackedBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  o        static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar,android.view.Menu)
  o        static access$202(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar,boolean)
  o        public setCustomView(int)
  o        public setDisplayOptions(int,int)
  o        public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  p        public removeOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  p        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  p        public setSelectedNavigationItem(int)
  p        public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public newTab()
  q        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  r        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  r        public selectTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  r        public setDisplayShowCustomEnabled(boolean)
  r        public setSubtitle(int)
  r        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public getThemedContext()
  s        public setNavigationMode(int)
  t        public getWrappedWindowCallback()
  t        public setSplitBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t        public setDisplayShowTitleEnabled(boolean)
  u        public setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  u        public setDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  u        public setElevation(float)
  v        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  v        public startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  v        public setShowHideAnimationEnabled(boolean)
  v        public getTabAt(int)
  w        public getElevation()
  w        static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar)
  w        public setDisplayShowHomeEnabled(boolean)
  w        public setLogo(int)
  x        public removeAllTabs()
  x        public setHomeActionContentDescription(int)
  y        public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  y        public addOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  y        public removeTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  y        public setDisplayOptions(int)
  z        public getSelectedNavigationIndex()
  z        public onKeyShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d6$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$2       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d6$2)
===============================================================================
  u    public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$ActionMenuPresenterCallback     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d6$j)
===============================================================================
  j    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  o    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$MenuBuilderCallback     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d6$n)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  v        public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$PanelMenuPresenterCallback      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d6$r)
===============================================================================
  j    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  o    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)

android.support.v7.internal.app.ToolbarActionBar$ToolbarCallbackWrapper  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d6$y)
===============================================================================
  a    public onCreatePanelView(int)
  m    public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m_)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract onCreatePanelView(int)
  a    public abstract onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  j    public abstract startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  k    public abstract onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  m    public abstract onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  t    public abstract onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  u    public abstract onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u3)
===============================================================================
  b        private showForActionMode()
  b        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(int)
  c        public getSubtitle()
  c        static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  c        public setCustomView(android.view.View,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$LayoutParams)
  d        public setListNavigationCallbacks(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnNavigationListener)
  d        public setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
  d        public setTitle(int)
  e        private configureTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int)
  e        public setIcon(int)
  eval__   public show()
  eval__   public dispatchMenuVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  eval_b   public doShow(boolean)
  eval_c   public isShowing()
  eval_d   public hideForSystem()
  eval_e   public setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  eval_g   private cleanupTabs()
  eval_i   public getTabCount()
  eval_i   private updateVisibility(boolean)
  eval_j   public getCustomView()
  eval_l   public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int,boolean)
  eval_l   private setHasEmbeddedTabs(boolean)
  eval_m   public collapseActionView()
  eval_p   public isHideOnContentScrollEnabled()
  eval_r   public isTitleTruncated()
  eval_s   completeDeferredDestroyActionMode()
  eval_t   public onContentScrollStopped()
  eval_u   public hasIcon()
  eval_v   private ensureTabsExist()
  eval_w   public showForSystem()
  eval_x   static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  eval_x   public setHomeActionContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_y   public onContentScrollStarted()
  eval_z   getTintManager()
  eval_z   static access$700(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  f        static access$1000(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  g        public getTitle()
  g        public removeTabAt(int)
  h        public getNavigationMode()
  h        static access$600(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  h        public setDisplayUseLogoEnabled(boolean)
  i        public getSelectedTab()
  i        static access$1200(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  i        public enableContentAnimations(boolean)
  k        public hide()
  k        public setDefaultDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  l        public getDisplayOptions()
  l        public setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  l        public doHide(boolean)
  l        public onWindowVisibilityChanged(int)
  m        public getHideOffset()
  m        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int)
  m        static access$1100(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  m        public animateToMode(boolean)
  n        public getNavigationItemCount()
  n        public setHideOffset(int)
  o        public getHeight()
  o        public setStackedBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  o        public setCustomView(int)
  o        public setDisplayOptions(int,int)
  o        public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p        private hideForActionMode()
  p        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  p        public removeOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  p        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  p        public setSelectedNavigationItem(int)
  p        public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public newTab()
  q        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  q        static access$1300(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  q        static access$900(boolean,boolean,boolean)
  r        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  r        public selectTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  r        static access$800(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  r        static access$502(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar,android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet)
  r        private getDecorToolbar(android.view.View)
  r        public setDisplayShowCustomEnabled(boolean)
  r        private static checkShowingFlags(boolean,boolean,boolean)
  r        public setSubtitle(int)
  r        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s        public getThemedContext()
  s        public setNavigationMode(int)
  t        public hasLogo()
  t        public setSplitBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t        public setDisplayShowTitleEnabled(boolean)
  u        public setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  u        static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  u        public setDisplayHomeAsUpEnabled(boolean)
  u        public setElevation(float)
  v        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  v        public startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  v        public setShowHideAnimationEnabled(boolean)
  v        public getTabAt(int)
  w        public getElevation()
  w        public setDisplayShowHomeEnabled(boolean)
  w        public setLogo(int)
  x        public removeAllTabs()
  x        public setHomeActionContentDescription(int)
  y        public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  y        public addOnMenuVisibilityListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$OnMenuVisibilityListener)
  y        public removeTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  y        static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  y        public setDisplayOptions(int)
  z        public getSelectedNavigationIndex()
  z        static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar)
  z        private init(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u3$1)
===============================================================================
  eval_i   public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$2   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u3$2)
===============================================================================
  eval_i   public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$3   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u3$3)
===============================================================================
  b    public onAnimationUpdate(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$ActionModeImpl      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u3$i)
===============================================================================
  a        public setSubtitle(int)
  b        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_h   public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  eval_s   public onCloseSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  eval_u   public isTitleOptional()
  f        public getSubtitle()
  i        public getCustomView()
  i        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  k        public getMenuInflater()
  r        public getTitle()
  s        public finish()
  u        public getMenu()
  u        public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  u        public setTitle(int)
  v        public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  v        public setTitleOptionalHint(boolean)
  w        public dispatchOnCreate()
  z        public invalidate()
  z        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  z        public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowDecorActionBar$TabImpl     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u3$u)
===============================================================================
  b        public getContentDescription()
  b        public setIcon(int)
  e        public setTag(java.lang.Object)
  eval_p   public getCustomView()
  g        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  i        public getCallback()
  i        public setCustomView(int)
  j        public getTag()
  k        public setContentDescription(int)
  l        public setTabListener(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$TabListener)
  l        public setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q        public getIcon()
  q        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  q        public setText(int)
  q        public setContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  u        public getText()
  x        public getPosition()
  y        public select()
  y        public setPosition(int)

android.support.v7.internal.text.AllCapsTransformationMethod     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cc)
===============================================================================
  getTransformation    public getTransformation(java.lang.CharSequence,android.view.View)
  onFocusChanged       public onFocusChanged(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence,boolean,int,android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.internal.text.AllCapsTransformationMethod$NullPointerException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.transition.ActionBarTransition       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yr)
===============================================================================
  s    public static beginDelayedTransition(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v7.internal.transition.ActionBarTransition$IOException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.ActionBarPolicy (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mf)
===============================================================================
  d        public getTabContainerHeight()
  eval_w   public getStackedTabMaxWidth()
  g        public showsOverflowMenuButton()
  i        public getMaxActionButtons()
  l        public static get(android.content.Context)
  t        public hasEmbeddedTabs()
  u        public getEmbeddedMenuWidthLimit()
  z        public enableHomeButtonByDefault()

android.support.v7.internal.view.ActionBarPolicy$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.StandaloneActionMode    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jj)
===============================================================================
  a        public setSubtitle(int)
  b        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  c        public onCloseSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  eval_h   public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  eval_o   public isUiFocusable()
  eval_u   public isTitleOptional()
  f        public getSubtitle()
  g        public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  i        public getCustomView()
  i        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  k        public getMenuInflater()
  k        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  r        public getTitle()
  s        public finish()
  u        public getMenu()
  u        public setTitle(int)
  v        public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  v        public setTitleOptionalHint(boolean)
  z        public invalidate()
  z        public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v7.internal.view.StandaloneActionMode$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i8)
===============================================================================
  finish               public finish()
  getCustomView        public getCustomView()
  getMenu              public getMenu()
  getMenuInflater      public getMenuInflater()
  getSubtitle          public getSubtitle()
  getTag               public getTag()
  getTitle             public getTitle()
  getTitleOptionalHint public getTitleOptionalHint()
  invalidate           public invalidate()
  isTitleOptional      public isTitleOptional()
  setCustomView        public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  setSubtitle          public setSubtitle(int)
  setSubtitle          public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTag               public setTag(java.lang.Object)
  setTitle             public setTitle(int)
  setTitle             public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTitleOptionalHint public setTitleOptionalHint(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper$CallbackWrapper        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i8$a)
===============================================================================
  e    public onDestroyActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  l    public onCreateActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)
  n    private getActionModeWrapper(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  n    private getMenuWrapper(android.view.Menu)
  w    public onActionItemClicked(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.MenuItem)
  y    public onPrepareActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportActionModeWrapper$ParseException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b0)
===============================================================================
  e        private findRealOwner(java.lang.Object)
  i        static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater)
  k        static access$500()
  m        private parseMenu(org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.view.Menu)
  p        static access$200()
  q        static access$600(android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater)
  w        static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater)
  y        private getRealOwner()
  y        static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater)
  inflate  public inflate(int,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$InflatedOnMenuItemClickListener     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b0$c)
===============================================================================
  onMenuItemClick  public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$MenuState   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b0$w)
===============================================================================
  eval_n   public addItem()
  f        public addSubMenuItem()
  f        static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$MenuState)
  h        public hasAddedItem()
  i        private setItem(android.view.MenuItem)
  m        private getShortcut(java.lang.String)
  n        public readItem(android.util.AttributeSet)
  r        public resetGroup()
  r        private newInstance(java.lang.String,java.lang.Class[],java.lang.Object[])
  u        public readGroup(android.util.AttributeSet)

android.support.v7.internal.view.SupportMenuInflater$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vr)
===============================================================================
  b        public start()
  b        static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet)
  eval_d   static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet)
  j        public cancel()
  l        static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet)
  p        public play(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  r        public setInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)
  v        public setDuration(long)
  x        public setListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorListener)
  y        private onAnimationsEnded()

android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vr$1)
===============================================================================
  e        public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  n        onEnd()

android.support.v7.internal.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompatSet$ParseException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__e)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItem     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vy)
===============================================================================
  c                            public setExclusiveCheckable(boolean)
  k                            public invoke()
  setActionView                public setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public setActionView(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  v                            public setSupportOnActionExpandListener(android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  w                            public setSupportActionProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  y                            public getSupportActionProvider()
  collapseActionView           public collapseActionView()
  expandActionView             public expandActionView()
  getActionProvider            public getActionProvider()
  getActionView                public getActionView()
  getAlphabeticShortcut        public getAlphabeticShortcut()
  getGroupId                   public getGroupId()
  getIcon                      public getIcon()
  getIntent                    public getIntent()
  getItemId                    public getItemId()
  getMenuInfo                  public getMenuInfo()
  getNumericShortcut           public getNumericShortcut()
  getOrder                     public getOrder()
  getSubMenu                   public getSubMenu()
  getTitle                     public getTitle()
  getTitleCondensed            public getTitleCondensed()
  hasSubMenu                   public hasSubMenu()
  isActionViewExpanded         public isActionViewExpanded()
  isCheckable                  public isCheckable()
  isChecked                    public isChecked()
  isEnabled                    public isEnabled()
  isVisible                    public isVisible()
  setActionProvider            public setActionProvider(android.view.ActionProvider)
  setActionView                public volatile setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public volatile setActionView(int)
  setAlphabeticShortcut        public setAlphabeticShortcut(char)
  setCheckable                 public setCheckable(boolean)
  setChecked                   public setChecked(boolean)
  setEnabled                   public setEnabled(boolean)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(int)
  setIntent                    public setIntent(android.content.Intent)
  setNumericShortcut           public setNumericShortcut(char)
  setOnActionExpandListener    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnActionExpandListener)
  setOnMenuItemClickListener   public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  setShortcut                  public setShortcut(char,char)
  setShowAsAction              public setShowAsAction(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public volatile setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTitleCondensed            public setTitleCondensed(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItem$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ly)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yc)
===============================================================================
  f                        public needsDividerBefore()
  h                        public needsDividerAfter()
  i                        public hasText()
  i                        public setCheckable(boolean)
  j                        public setItemInvoker(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker)
  k                        static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView)
  l                        public initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,int)
  m                        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o                        public showsIcon()
  p                        public setPopupCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback)
  p                        public setChecked(boolean)
  s                        static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView)
  t                        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v                        public getItemData()
  v                        static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView)
  v                        public setShortcut(boolean,char)
  w                        public prefersCondensedTitle()
  y                        private updateTextButtonVisibility()
  y                        public setExpandedFormat(boolean)
  onClick                  public onClick(android.view.View)
  onConfigurationChanged   public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onLongClick              public onLongClick(android.view.View)
  onMeasure                protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onTouchEvent             public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setPadding               public setPadding(int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$ActionMenuItemForwardingListener        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yc$d)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public getPopup()
  j        protected onForwardingStarted()
  p        protected onForwardingStopped()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_be)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yc$eval_h)
===============================================================================
  l    public abstract getPopup()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuPresenter  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xt)
===============================================================================
  b        protected addItemView(android.view.View,int)
  c        public updateMenuView(boolean)
  eval_t   public getItemView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  f        public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  h        public flagActionItems()
  h        public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  j        public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  j        public shouldIncludeItem(int,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  l        public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  n        public getCallback()
  q        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  q        public createItemView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  q        protected filterLeftoverView(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  u        public getId()
  u        public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  u        public setId(int)
  v        public abstract bindItemView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView)
  x        public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuPresenter$NullPointerException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuWrapper    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nm)
===============================================================================
  eval_v   final internalRemoveItem(int)
  i        final getSubMenuWrapper(android.view.SubMenu)
  k        final internalClear()
  n        final getMenuItemWrapper(android.view.MenuItem)
  o        final internalRemoveGroup(int)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseMenuWrapper$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseWrapper        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nb)
===============================================================================
  j    public getWrappedObject()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.BaseWrapper$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_du)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sf)
===============================================================================
  k                    public invokeItem(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  q                    public getWindowAnimations()
  z                    public initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onItemClick          public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView$Exception (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuItemView   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bo)
===============================================================================
  f                private insertCheckBox()
  i                public setCheckable(boolean)
  l                public initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,int)
  m                private insertIconView()
  m                public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  n                private getInflater()
  o                public showsIcon()
  p                public setChecked(boolean)
  q                private insertRadioButton()
  t                public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  u                public setForceShowIcon(boolean)
  v                public getItemData()
  v                public setShortcut(boolean,char)
  w                public prefersCondensedTitle()
  onFinishInflate  protected onFinishInflate()
  onMeasure        protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuItemView$Exception (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xm)
===============================================================================
  a            static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter)
  c            public updateMenuView(boolean)
  c            public setId(int)
  d            public setItemIndexOffset(int)
  e            public onSaveInstanceState()
  eval_e       getItemIndexOffset()
  f            public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  h            public flagActionItems()
  h            public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  j            public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  l            public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  n            public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  q            public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  r            public saveHierarchyState(android.os.Bundle)
  u            public getId()
  u            public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  x            public restoreHierarchyState(android.os.Bundle)
  x            public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  y            public getAdapter()
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter$MenuAdapter      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xm$m)
===============================================================================
  getItem              public getItem(int)
  l                    findExpandedIndex()
  getCount             public getCount()
  getItem              public volatile getItem(int)
  getItemId            public getItemId(int)
  getView              public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  notifyDataSetChanged public notifyDataSetChanged()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.ListMenuPresenter$NullPointerException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tl)
===============================================================================
  a                        public addMenuPresenter(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter)
  a                        private dispatchSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter)
  b                        public getHeaderView()
  b                        public restoreActionViewStates(android.os.Bundle)
  b                        public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  b                        public findItemIndex(int)
  c                        private dispatchSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  d                        getOptionalIconsVisible()
  d                        private setHeaderInternal(int,java.lang.CharSequence,int,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.view.View)
  e                        onItemActionRequestChanged(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  e                        public onItemsChanged(boolean)
  e                        private static getOrdering(int)
  eval_a                   public performItemAction(android.view.MenuItem,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter,int)
  eval_g                   public getVisibleItems()
  eval_j                   public restorePresenterStates(android.os.Bundle)
  eval_o                   public changeMenuMode()
  eval_r                   getResources()
  eval_r                   public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  eval_s                   public getActionItems()
  eval_s                   public savePresenterStates(android.os.Bundle)
  eval_s                   private dispatchPresenterUpdate(boolean)
  eval_u                   public getContext()
  eval_z                   public getHeaderTitle()
  f                        public getRootMenu()
  g                        public clearAll()
  h                        setOptionalIconsVisible(boolean)
  h                        public findGroupIndex(int)
  h                        private removeItemAtInt(int,boolean)
  i                        private static findInsertIndex(java.util.ArrayList,int)
  j                        public getExpandedItem()
  j                        public final close(boolean)
  j                        public findGroupIndex(int,int)
  k                        dispatchMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  k                        public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  k                        public setCurrentMenuInfo(android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  k                        protected setHeaderViewInt(android.view.View)
  l                        public setShortcutsVisible(boolean)
  l                        public setDefaultShowAsAction(int)
  m                        protected setHeaderIconInt(int)
  n                        public addMenuPresenter(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter,android.content.Context)
  n                        private setShortcutsVisibleInner(boolean)
  n                        protected setHeaderTitleInt(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o                        onItemVisibleChanged(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  o                        setExclusiveItemChecked(android.view.MenuItem)
  p                        public startDispatchingItemsChanged()
  q                        isQwertyMode()
  q                        private createNewMenuItem(int,int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence,int)
  r                        public getNonActionItems()
  s                        public performItemAction(android.view.MenuItem,int)
  s                        private addInternal(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  t                        public isShortcutsVisible()
  t                        protected setHeaderIconInt(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t                        findItemWithShortcutForKey(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  v                        public getHeaderIcon()
  v                        public removeMenuPresenter(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter)
  w                        private dispatchRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  x                        public stopDispatchingItemsChanged()
  x                        public removeItemAt(int)
  y                        public flagActionItems()
  y                        findItemsWithShortcutForKey(java.util.List,int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  z                        protected getActionViewStatesKey()
  z                        public saveActionViewStates(android.os.Bundle)
  z                        protected setHeaderTitleInt(int)
  add                      public add(int)
  add                      public add(int,int,int,int)
  add                      public add(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  add                      public add(java.lang.CharSequence)
  addIntentOptions         public addIntentOptions(int,int,int,android.content.ComponentName,android.content.Intent[],android.content.Intent,int,android.view.MenuItem[])
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int,int,int,int)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(java.lang.CharSequence)
  clear                    public clear()
  clearHeader              public clearHeader()
  close                    public close()
  findItem                 public findItem(int)
  getItem                  public getItem(int)
  hasVisibleItems          public hasVisibleItems()
  isShortcutKey            public isShortcutKey(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  performIdentifierAction  public performIdentifierAction(int,int)
  performShortcut          public performShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent,int)
  removeGroup              public removeGroup(int)
  removeItem               public removeItem(int)
  setGroupCheckable        public setGroupCheckable(int,boolean,boolean)
  setGroupEnabled          public setGroupEnabled(int,boolean)
  setGroupVisible          public setGroupVisible(int,boolean)
  setQwertyMode            public setQwertyMode(boolean)
  size                     public size()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tl$h)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public abstract onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  v        public abstract onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tl$y)
===============================================================================
  k    public abstract invokeItem(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuDialogHelper   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_eb)
===============================================================================
  e            public dismiss()
  j            public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  n            public setPresenterCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  o            public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  p            public show(android.os.IBinder)
  onClick      public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
  onDismiss    public onDismiss(android.content.DialogInterface)
  onKey        public onKey(android.content.DialogInterface,int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuDialogHelper$Exception (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_el)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__f)
===============================================================================
  a                            public hasCollapsibleActionView()
  a                            public setIsActionButton(boolean)
  b                            public getOrdering()
  b                            public setExclusiveCheckable(boolean)
  c                            getCallback()
  c                            setMenuInfo(android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  d                            setCheckedInt(boolean)
  eval_a                       public shouldShowIcon()
  eval_a                       setSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  eval_f                       public requestsActionButton()
  eval_p                       public showsTextAsAction()
  eval_q                       setVisibleInt(boolean)
  eval_t                       public actionFormatChanged()
  eval_z                       public isExclusiveCheckable()
  g                            getTitleForItemView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView)
  h                            public requiresActionButton()
  i                            static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  k                            public isActionButton()
  m                            shouldShowShortcut()
  o                            getShortcutLabel()
  s                            getShortcut()
  setActionView                public setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public setActionView(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  v                            public setSupportOnActionExpandListener(android.support.v4.view.MenuItemCompat$OnActionExpandListener)
  w                            public setSupportActionProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  x                            public setCallback(java.lang.Runnable)
  y                            public getSupportActionProvider()
  z                            public invoke()
  z                            public setActionViewExpanded(boolean)
  collapseActionView           public collapseActionView()
  expandActionView             public expandActionView()
  getActionProvider            public getActionProvider()
  getActionView                public getActionView()
  getAlphabeticShortcut        public getAlphabeticShortcut()
  getGroupId                   public getGroupId()
  getIcon                      public getIcon()
  getIntent                    public getIntent()
  getItemId                    public getItemId()
  getMenuInfo                  public getMenuInfo()
  getNumericShortcut           public getNumericShortcut()
  getOrder                     public getOrder()
  getSubMenu                   public getSubMenu()
  getTitle                     public getTitle()
  getTitleCondensed            public getTitleCondensed()
  hasSubMenu                   public hasSubMenu()
  isActionViewExpanded         public isActionViewExpanded()
  isCheckable                  public isCheckable()
  isChecked                    public isChecked()
  isEnabled                    public isEnabled()
  isVisible                    public isVisible()
  setActionProvider            public setActionProvider(android.view.ActionProvider)
  setActionView                public volatile setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public volatile setActionView(int)
  setAlphabeticShortcut        public setAlphabeticShortcut(char)
  setCheckable                 public setCheckable(boolean)
  setChecked                   public setChecked(boolean)
  setEnabled                   public setEnabled(boolean)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(int)
  setIntent                    public setIntent(android.content.Intent)
  setNumericShortcut           public setNumericShortcut(char)
  setOnActionExpandListener    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnActionExpandListener)
  setOnMenuItemClickListener   public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  setShortcut                  public setShortcut(char,char)
  setShowAsAction              public setShowAsAction(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public volatile setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTitleCondensed            public setTitleCondensed(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean)
  toString                     public toString()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl$1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__f$1)
===============================================================================
  t    public onActionProviderVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m8)
===============================================================================
  m                            public setExclusiveCheckable(boolean)
  y                            createActionProviderWrapper(android.view.ActionProvider)
  collapseActionView           public collapseActionView()
  expandActionView             public expandActionView()
  getActionProvider            public getActionProvider()
  getActionView                public getActionView()
  getAlphabeticShortcut        public getAlphabeticShortcut()
  getGroupId                   public getGroupId()
  getIcon                      public getIcon()
  getIntent                    public getIntent()
  getItemId                    public getItemId()
  getMenuInfo                  public getMenuInfo()
  getNumericShortcut           public getNumericShortcut()
  getOrder                     public getOrder()
  getSubMenu                   public getSubMenu()
  getTitle                     public getTitle()
  getTitleCondensed            public getTitleCondensed()
  hasSubMenu                   public hasSubMenu()
  isActionViewExpanded         public isActionViewExpanded()
  isCheckable                  public isCheckable()
  isChecked                    public isChecked()
  isEnabled                    public isEnabled()
  isVisible                    public isVisible()
  setActionProvider            public setActionProvider(android.view.ActionProvider)
  setActionView                public setActionView(android.view.View)
  setActionView                public setActionView(int)
  setAlphabeticShortcut        public setAlphabeticShortcut(char)
  setCheckable                 public setCheckable(boolean)
  setChecked                   public setChecked(boolean)
  setEnabled                   public setEnabled(boolean)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon                      public setIcon(int)
  setIntent                    public setIntent(android.content.Intent)
  setNumericShortcut           public setNumericShortcut(char)
  setOnActionExpandListener    public setOnActionExpandListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnActionExpandListener)
  setOnMenuItemClickListener   public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.view.MenuItem$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  setShortcut                  public setShortcut(char,char)
  setShowAsAction              public setShowAsAction(int)
  setShowAsActionFlags         public setShowAsActionFlags(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(int)
  setTitle                     public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setTitleCondensed            public setTitleCondensed(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$ActionProviderWrapper   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m8$k)
===============================================================================
  d        public onCreateActionView()
  eval_l   public onPerformDefaultAction()
  eval_p   public hasSubMenu()
  r        public onPrepareSubMenu(android.view.SubMenu)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$CollapsibleActionViewWrapper    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m8$c)
===============================================================================
  h    public onActionViewExpanded()
  q    getWrappedView()
  y    public onActionViewCollapsed()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$OnActionExpandListenerWrapper   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m8$p)
===============================================================================
  d    public onMenuItemActionCollapse(android.view.MenuItem)
  e    public onMenuItemActionExpand(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperICS$OnMenuItemClickListenerWrapper  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m8$eval_k)
===============================================================================
  onMenuItemClick  public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ll)
===============================================================================
  y    createActionProviderWrapper(android.view.ActionProvider)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB$ActionProviderWrapperJB  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ll$u)
===============================================================================
  b                                public setVisibilityListener(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider$VisibilityListener)
  g                                public onCreateActionView(android.view.MenuItem)
  i                                public refreshVisibility()
  s                                public isVisible()
  x                                public overridesItemVisibility()
  onActionProviderVisibilityChanged    public onActionProviderVisibilityChanged(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemWrapperJB$NullPointerException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_or)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r8)
===============================================================================
  c                public updateMenuView(boolean)
  d                static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper)
  e                public onSaveInstanceState()
  eval__           public dismiss()
  eval_b           public setForceShowIcon(boolean)
  eval_h           static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper)
  eval_i           public tryShow()
  eval_s           public isShowing()
  f                public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  h                public flagActionItems()
  h                public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  i                public setGravity(int)
  j                public getPopup()
  j                public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  l                public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  l                public setAnchorView(android.view.View)
  m                public show()
  n                public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  q                public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  q                static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper)
  s                private measureContentWidth()
  u                public getId()
  u                public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  x                public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  onDismiss        public onDismiss()
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()
  onItemClick      public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onKey            public onKey(android.view.View,int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$MenuAdapter        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r8$t)
===============================================================================
  getItem              public getItem(int)
  y                    findExpandedIndex()
  z                    static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$MenuAdapter)
  getCount             public getCount()
  getItem              public volatile getItem(int)
  getItemId            public getItemId(int)
  getView              public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  notifyDataSetChanged public notifyDataSetChanged()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gs)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract updateMenuView(boolean)
  e    public abstract onSaveInstanceState()
  f    public abstract onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  h    public abstract flagActionItems()
  h    public abstract setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  j    public abstract expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  l    public abstract collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  n    public abstract onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  q    public abstract onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  u    public abstract getId()
  u    public abstract initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  x    public abstract getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gs$n)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  o    public abstract onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a5)
===============================================================================
  q    public abstract getWindowAnimations()
  z    public abstract initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a5$j)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract setCheckable(boolean)
  l    public abstract initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,int)
  m    public abstract setEnabled(boolean)
  m    public abstract setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  o    public abstract showsIcon()
  p    public abstract setChecked(boolean)
  t    public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v    public abstract getItemData()
  v    public abstract setShortcut(boolean,char)
  w    public abstract prefersCondensedTitle()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperFactory (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gd)
===============================================================================
  e    public static wrapSupportMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenu)
  n    public static wrapSupportMenuItem(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportMenuItem)
  u    public static wrapSupportSubMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v4.internal.view.SupportSubMenu)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperFactory$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperICS     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wz)
===============================================================================
  add                      public add(int)
  add                      public add(int,int,int,int)
  add                      public add(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  add                      public add(java.lang.CharSequence)
  addIntentOptions         public addIntentOptions(int,int,int,android.content.ComponentName,android.content.Intent[],android.content.Intent,int,android.view.MenuItem[])
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int,int,int,int)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(int,int,int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  addSubMenu               public addSubMenu(java.lang.CharSequence)
  clear                    public clear()
  close                    public close()
  findItem                 public findItem(int)
  getItem                  public getItem(int)
  hasVisibleItems          public hasVisibleItems()
  isShortcutKey            public isShortcutKey(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  performIdentifierAction  public performIdentifierAction(int,int)
  performShortcut          public performShortcut(int,android.view.KeyEvent,int)
  removeGroup              public removeGroup(int)
  removeItem               public removeItem(int)
  setGroupCheckable        public setGroupCheckable(int,boolean,boolean)
  setGroupEnabled          public setGroupEnabled(int,boolean)
  setGroupVisible          public setGroupVisible(int,boolean)
  setQwertyMode            public setQwertyMode(boolean)
  size                     public size()

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuWrapperICS$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cm)
===============================================================================
  b                public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  eval_c           public getParentMenu()
  eval_r           public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  f                public getRootMenu()
  k                dispatchMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)
  k                public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  l                public setShortcutsVisible(boolean)
  q                public isQwertyMode()
  t                public isShortcutsVisible()
  z                public getActionViewStatesKey()
  getItem          public getItem()
  setHeaderIcon    public setHeaderIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setHeaderIcon    public setHeaderIcon(int)
  setHeaderTitle   public setHeaderTitle(int)
  setHeaderTitle   public setHeaderTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setHeaderView    public setHeaderView(android.view.View)
  setIcon          public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon          public setIcon(int)
  setQwertyMode    public setQwertyMode(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuWrapperICS  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v7)
===============================================================================
  j                public getWrappedObject()
  clearHeader      public clearHeader()
  getItem          public getItem()
  setHeaderIcon    public setHeaderIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setHeaderIcon    public setHeaderIcon(int)
  setHeaderTitle   public setHeaderTitle(int)
  setHeaderTitle   public setHeaderTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setHeaderView    public setHeaderView(android.view.View)
  setIcon          public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  setIcon          public setIcon(int)

android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuWrapperICS$NullPointerException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b4)
===============================================================================
  a                        public canShowOverflowMenu()
  b                        public getContentHeight()
  c                        public setSplitWhenNarrow(boolean)
  e                        public hideOverflowMenu()
  eval_b                   public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  f                        public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  f                        public setSplitToolbar(boolean)
  g                        public isOverflowReserved()
  g                        public animateToVisibility(int)
  k                        protected positionChild(android.view.View,int,int,int,boolean)
  m                        public postShowOverflowMenu()
  n                        public showOverflowMenu()
  n                        protected static next(int,int,boolean)
  p                        protected measureChildView(android.view.View,int,int,int)
  r                        public setContentHeight(int)
  s                        public getAnimatedVisibility()
  x                        public dismissPopupMenus()
  z                        public setSplitView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  onConfigurationChanged   protected onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b4$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsActionBarView$VisibilityAnimListener       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b4$c)
===============================================================================
  e        public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  s        public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  u        public withFinalVisibility(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kh)
===============================================================================
  d                            public setAdapter(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter)
  eval_w                       getChildWidth(android.view.View)
  f                            public getCount()
  g                            static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat,android.view.View,boolean)
  i                            recycleAllViews()
  k                            resetList()
  k                            setSelectionInt(int,boolean)
  l                            public setSelection(int)
  m                            abstract layout(int,boolean)
  q                            private initAbsSpinner()
  s                            public setSelection(int,boolean)
  s                            public pointToPosition(int,int)
  v                            public volatile setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
  x                            public getSelectedView()
  y                            getChildHeight(android.view.View)
  z                            public getAdapter()
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState       public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState          public onSaveInstanceState()
  requestLayout                public requestLayout()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$RecycleBin   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kh$e)
===============================================================================
  e    public put(int,android.view.View)
  n    clear()
  u    get(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kh$q)
===============================================================================
  toString         public toString()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kh$q$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AbsSpinnerCompat$SavedState$ParseException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_so)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawable   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__x)
===============================================================================
  draw             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getOpacity       public getOpacity()
  setAlpha         public setAlpha(int)
  setColorFilter   public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawable$ParseException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ms)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawableV21        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jg)
===============================================================================
  getOutline   public getOutline(android.graphics.Outline)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarBackgroundDrawableV21$NullPointerException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContainer    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wd)
===============================================================================
  a                            public setStackedBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  d                            private getMeasuredHeightWithMargins(android.view.View)
  e                            public setSplitBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  g                            public setTransitioning(boolean)
  j                            private isCollapsed(android.view.View)
  t                            public getTabContainer()
  t                            public startActionModeForChild(android.view.View,android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  w                            public setPrimaryBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  y                            public setTabContainer(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
  drawableStateChanged         protected drawableStateChanged()
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState  public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState()
  onFinishInflate              public onFinishInflate()
  onInterceptTouchEvent        public onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                     public onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                    public onMeasure(int,int)
  onTouchEvent                 public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setVisibility                public setVisibility(int)
  startActionModeForChild      public startActionModeForChild(android.view.View,android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  verifyDrawable               protected verifyDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContainer$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__a)
===============================================================================
  a                                public volatile canShowOverflowMenu()
  b                                public volatile getContentHeight()
  c                                public getSubtitle()
  c                                public volatile setSplitWhenNarrow(boolean)
  e                                public hideOverflowMenu()
  e                                public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  eval_b                           public volatile isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  eval_d                           public isTitleOptional()
  eval_i                           public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_n                           private makeOutAnimation()
  eval_x                           public getTitle()
  f                                public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  f                                public setSplitToolbar(boolean)
  g                                public volatile isOverflowReserved()
  g                                public volatile animateToVisibility(int)
  i                                public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  k                                public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  k                                public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  l                                private finishAnimation()
  l                                public setTitleOptional(boolean)
  m                                public volatile postShowOverflowMenu()
  n                                public showOverflowMenu()
  n                                public initForMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  o                                private makeInAnimation()
  p                                public killMode()
  r                                private initTitle()
  r                                public setContentHeight(int)
  s                                public volatile getAnimatedVisibility()
  s                                public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)
  x                                public volatile dismissPopupMenus()
  z                                public closeMode()
  z                                public volatile setSplitView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  onDetachedFromWindow             public onDetachedFromWindow()
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  shouldDelayChildPressedState     public shouldDelayChildPressedState()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView$1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__a$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarContextView$NullPointerException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_aq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pt)
===============================================================================
  a                                static access$102(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout,boolean)
  b                                public hasLogo()
  c                                static access$500(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  d                                static access$600(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  d                                public setActionBarHideOffset(int)
  e                                public isHideOnContentScrollEnabled()
  e                                public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval__                           static access$700(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  eval_a                           public showOverflowMenu()
  eval_b                           public initFeature(int)
  eval_d                           static access$202(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  eval_p                           private addActionBarHideOffset()
  eval_s                           public setMenuPrepared()
  eval_t                           private haltActionBarHideOffsetAnimations()
  f                                public canShowOverflowMenu()
  g                                public dismissPopups()
  g                                static access$002(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout,android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat)
  g                                public restoreToolbarHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  h                                public saveToolbarHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  h                                public setLogo(int)
  i                                public getTitle()
  i                                public setIcon(int)
  j                                private postRemoveActionBarHideOffset()
  k                                public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  k                                public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  m                                public hasIcon()
  n                                public setHasNonEmbeddedTabs(boolean)
  o                                public isInOverlayMode()
  o                                public setWindowCallback(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback)
  o                                public setActionBarVisibilityCallback(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback)
  o                                private shouldHideActionBarOnFling(float,float)
  p                                pullChildren()
  q                                public hideOverflowMenu()
  q                                private init(android.content.Context)
  q                                private getDecorToolbar(android.view.View)
  r                                private applyInsets(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect,boolean,boolean,boolean,boolean)
  r                                public setOverlayMode(boolean)
  s                                public setMenu(android.view.Menu,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  u                                private removeActionBarHideOffset()
  u                                public setUiOptions(int)
  v                                public getActionBarHideOffset()
  w                                public setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
  x                                private postAddActionBarHideOffset()
  y                                static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  y                                public setShowingForActionMode(boolean)
  z                                public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  z                                static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  draw                             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  fitSystemWindows                 protected fitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onConfigurationChanged           protected onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onNestedFling                    public onNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
  onNestedScroll                   public onNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  onNestedScrollAccepted           public onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  onStartNestedScroll              public onStartNestedScroll(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
  onStopNestedScroll               public onStopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
  onWindowSystemUiVisibilityChanged    public onWindowSystemUiVisibilityChanged(int)
  onWindowVisibilityChanged        protected onWindowVisibilityChanged(int)
  shouldDelayChildPressedState     public shouldDelayChildPressedState()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pt$1)
===============================================================================
  eval_i   public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  s        public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$2      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pt$2)
===============================================================================
  eval_i   public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  s        public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$3      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pt$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$4      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pt$4)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pt$w)
===============================================================================
  eval_d   public abstract hideForSystem()
  eval_t   public abstract onContentScrollStopped()
  eval_w   public abstract showForSystem()
  eval_y   public abstract onContentScrollStarted()
  i        public abstract enableContentAnimations(boolean)
  l        public abstract onWindowVisibilityChanged(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$LayoutParams   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pt$x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ParseException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk)
===============================================================================
  a        private loadActivitiesIfNeeded()
  a        public setDefaultActivity(int)
  b        public setOnChooseActivityListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$OnChooseActivityListener)
  d        private persistHistoricalDataIfNeeded()
  e        private addHisoricalRecord(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$HistoricalRecord)
  e        public setHistoryMaxSize(int)
  eval_i   private pruneExcessiveHistoricalRecordsIfNeeded()
  eval_k   private readHistoricalDataImpl()
  f        private readHistoricalDataIfNeeded()
  g        public getHistoryMaxSize()
  g        static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
  h        static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
  i        static access$300()
  i        public static get(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
  j        public getActivityCount()
  m        private ensureConsistentState()
  o        public getActivityIndex(android.content.pm.ResolveInfo)
  r        public getIntent()
  r        public setIntent(android.content.Intent)
  r        static access$502(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel,boolean)
  t        public getDefaultActivity()
  v        public setActivitySorter(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivitySorter)
  w        public getActivity(int)
  x        public getHistorySize()
  y        public chooseActivity(int)
  z        private sortActivitiesIfNeeded()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityChooserModelClient       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk$k)
===============================================================================
  t    public abstract setActivityChooserModel(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityResolveInfo      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk$o)
===============================================================================
  o            public compareTo(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivityResolveInfo)
  compareTo    public volatile compareTo(java.lang.Object)
  equals       public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode     public hashCode()
  toString     public toString()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$ActivitySorter   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk$y)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract sort(android.content.Intent,java.util.List,java.util.List)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$DefaultSorter    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk$eval_o)
===============================================================================
  a    public sort(android.content.Intent,java.util.List,java.util.List)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$HistoricalRecord (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk$f)
===============================================================================
  equals   public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode public hashCode()
  toString public toString()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$NullPointerException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qa)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$OnChooseActivityListener (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk$eval_z)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract onChooseActivity(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel$PersistHistoryAsyncTask  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lk$eval__)
===============================================================================
  doInBackground   public transient doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  doInBackground   public volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n6)
===============================================================================
  a                    public getDataModel()
  b                    static access$800(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  b                    private showPopupUnchecked(int)
  d                    public setDefaultActionButtonContentDescription(int)
  eval_a               static access$600(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  eval_d               static access$700(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  eval_z               private getListPopupWindow()
  h                    static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  i                    static access$1000(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  i                    static access$602(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView,boolean)
  j                    static access$500(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView,int)
  k                    public setInitialActivityCount(int)
  l                    public dismissPopup()
  n                    public showPopup()
  p                    static access$1100(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  s                    private updateAppearance()
  t                    public setActivityChooserModel(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
  u                    public setOnDismissListener(android.widget.PopupWindow$OnDismissListener)
  x                    public isShowingPopup()
  x                    public setExpandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  x                    public setProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
  x                    static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  x                    public setExpandActivityOverflowButtonContentDescription(int)
  y                    static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  z                    static access$900(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView)
  onAttachedToWindow   protected onAttachedToWindow()
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout             protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n6$1)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$2 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n6$2)
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$3 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n6$3)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public getPopup()
  j        protected onForwardingStarted()
  p        protected onForwardingStopped()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$4 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n6$4)
===============================================================================
  onChanged    public onChanged()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$ActivityChooserViewAdapter        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n6$a)
===============================================================================
  b                public getActivityCount()
  c                public setShowDefaultActivity(boolean,boolean)
  c                public setMaxActivityCount(int)
  d                public setShowFooterView(boolean)
  eval_t           public getDefaultActivity()
  eval_v           public getHistorySize()
  h                public getDataModel()
  h                public setDataModel(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
  i                public measureContentWidth()
  w                public getShowDefaultActivity()
  getCount         public getCount()
  getItem          public getItem(int)
  getItemId        public getItemId(int)
  getItemViewType  public getItemViewType(int)
  getView          public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getViewTypeCount public getViewTypeCount()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$Callbacks (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n6$f)
===============================================================================
  j            private notifyOnDismissListener()
  onClick      public onClick(android.view.View)
  onDismiss    public onDismiss()
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onLongClick  public onLongClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$Exception (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n6$s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za)
===============================================================================
  a                                setNextSelectedPositionInt(int)
  b                                public getSelectedItemId()
  c                                public getEmptyView()
  e                                public setOnItemLongClickListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemLongClickListener)
  eval_a                           public getSelectedItem()
  eval_b                           selectionChanged()
  eval_b                           private updateEmptyStatus(boolean)
  eval_f                           handleDataChanged()
  eval_j                           findSyncPosition()
  eval_t                           rememberSyncState()
  eval_v                           checkSelectionChanged()
  eval_z                           lookForSelectablePosition(int,boolean)
  f                                public getCount()
  g                                public final getOnItemSelectedListener()
  g                                static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat)
  h                                public final getOnItemClickListener()
  i                                public setOnItemClickListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListener)
  j                                static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.os.Parcelable)
  l                                public getFirstVisiblePosition()
  l                                public abstract setSelection(int)
  o                                checkFocus()
  p                                public setEmptyView(android.view.View)
  q                                setSelectedPositionInt(int)
  r                                public final getOnItemLongClickListener()
  r                                public getPositionForView(android.view.View)
  r                                public getItemIdAtPosition(int)
  s                                isInFilterMode()
  s                                public getItemAtPosition(int)
  t                                public getLastVisiblePosition()
  u                                private fireOnSelected()
  v                                public setOnItemSelectedListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemSelectedListener)
  v                                public abstract setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
  w                                static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat)
  x                                public abstract getSelectedView()
  y                                public getSelectedItemPosition()
  z                                public abstract getAdapter()
  z                                public performItemClick(android.view.View,int,long)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,int)
  addView                          public addView(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  canAnimate                       protected canAnimate()
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  dispatchRestoreInstanceState     protected dispatchRestoreInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)
  dispatchSaveInstanceState        protected dispatchSaveInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)
  onDetachedFromWindow             protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  removeAllViews                   public removeAllViews()
  removeView                       public removeView(android.view.View)
  removeViewAt                     public removeViewAt(int)
  setFocusable                     public setFocusable(boolean)
  setFocusableInTouchMode          public setFocusableInTouchMode(boolean)
  setOnClickListener               public setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$AdapterContextMenuInfo      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za$b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$AdapterDataSetObserver      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za$u)
===============================================================================
  d                public clearSavedState()
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListener (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za$f)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract onItemClick(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListenerWrapper  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za$eval_o)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemLongClickListener     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za$e)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract onItemLongClick(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemSelectedListener      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za$k)
===============================================================================
  i    public abstract onNothingSelected(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat)
  r    public abstract onItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$SelectionNotifier   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_za$d)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yd)
===============================================================================
  showAsDropDown   public showAsDropDown(android.view.View,int,int)
  showAsDropDown   public showAsDropDown(android.view.View,int,int,int)
  update           public update(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.AppCompatPopupWindow$NullPointerException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_eq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.CompatTextView        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.CompatTextView$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ContentFrameLayout    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_do)
===============================================================================
  j    public dispatchFitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ContentFrameLayout$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorContentParent    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_as)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract hasLogo()
  e        public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_a   public abstract showOverflowMenu()
  eval_b   public abstract initFeature(int)
  eval_s   public abstract setMenuPrepared()
  f        public abstract canShowOverflowMenu()
  g        public abstract dismissPopups()
  g        public abstract restoreToolbarHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  h        public abstract saveToolbarHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  h        public abstract setLogo(int)
  i        public abstract getTitle()
  i        public abstract setIcon(int)
  k        public abstract isOverflowMenuShowing()
  k        public abstract setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  m        public abstract hasIcon()
  o        public abstract setWindowCallback(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback)
  q        public abstract hideOverflowMenu()
  s        public abstract setMenu(android.view.Menu,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  u        public abstract setUiOptions(int)
  z        public abstract isOverflowMenuShowPending()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorContentParent$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorToolbar  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c8)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract setNavigationContentDescription(int)
  b        public abstract getVisibility()
  c        public abstract getCustomView()
  c        public abstract setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  d        public abstract getViewGroup()
  e        public abstract dismissPopupMenus()
  e        public abstract setMenu(android.view.Menu,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  eval__   public abstract isSplit()
  eval_b   public abstract isTitleTruncated()
  eval_c   public abstract animateToVisibility(int)
  eval_f   public abstract getNavigationMode()
  eval_h   public abstract setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_i   public abstract hideOverflowMenu()
  eval_j   public abstract isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  eval_k   public abstract isOverflowMenuShowing()
  eval_k   public abstract setVisibility(int)
  eval_k   public abstract setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_n   public abstract getDropdownItemCount()
  eval_q   public abstract canShowOverflowMenu()
  eval_r   public abstract hasLogo()
  eval_t   public abstract getDisplayOptions()
  eval_t   public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public abstract getDropdownSelectedPosition()
  eval_z   public abstract getPopupTheme()
  g        public abstract getHeight()
  g        public abstract setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  h        public abstract collapseActionView()
  h        public abstract setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public abstract getContext()
  j        public abstract setCollapsible(boolean)
  k        public abstract setDefaultNavigationContentDescription(int)
  l        public abstract hasIcon()
  l        public abstract restoreHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  l        public abstract setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  l        public abstract setDropdownSelectedPosition(int)
  m        public abstract canSplit()
  m        public abstract setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  n        public abstract hasEmbeddedTabs()
  o        public abstract setSplitToolbar(boolean)
  p        public abstract setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p        public abstract saveHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  q        public abstract showOverflowMenu()
  r        public abstract initProgress()
  r        public abstract setLogo(int)
  s        public abstract setMenuPrepared()
  s        public abstract setWindowCallback(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback)
  s        public abstract setDropdownParams(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemSelectedListener)
  s        public abstract setSplitWhenNarrow(boolean)
  s        public abstract setNavigationMode(int)
  t        public abstract initIndeterminateProgress()
  t        public abstract setEmbeddedTabView(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
  t        public abstract setSplitView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  t        public abstract setNavigationIcon(int)
  u        public abstract setDisplayOptions(int)
  u        public abstract setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v        public abstract getSubtitle()
  w        public abstract setMenuCallbacks(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  x        public abstract getTitle()
  y        public abstract getMenu()
  y        public abstract setDefaultNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  z        public abstract hasExpandedActionView()
  z        public abstract setIcon(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DecorToolbar$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DrawableWrapper       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kj)
===============================================================================
  r                            public getWrappedDrawable()
  y                            public setWrappedDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  draw                         public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  getChangingConfigurations    public getChangingConfigurations()
  getCurrent                   public getCurrent()
  getIntrinsicHeight           public getIntrinsicHeight()
  getIntrinsicWidth            public getIntrinsicWidth()
  getMinimumHeight             public getMinimumHeight()
  getMinimumWidth              public getMinimumWidth()
  getOpacity                   public getOpacity()
  getPadding                   public getPadding(android.graphics.Rect)
  getState                     public getState()
  getTransparentRegion         public getTransparentRegion()
  invalidateDrawable           public invalidateDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  isAutoMirrored               public isAutoMirrored()
  isStateful                   public isStateful()
  jumpToCurrentState           public jumpToCurrentState()
  onLevelChange                protected onLevelChange(int)
  scheduleDrawable             public scheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable,long)
  setAlpha                     public setAlpha(int)
  setAutoMirrored              public setAutoMirrored(boolean)
  setBounds                    public setBounds(int,int,int,int)
  setChangingConfigurations    public setChangingConfigurations(int)
  setColorFilter               public setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
  setDither                    public setDither(boolean)
  setFilterBitmap              public setFilterBitmap(boolean)
  setHotspot                   public setHotspot(float,float)
  setHotspotBounds             public setHotspotBounds(int,int,int,int)
  setState                     public setState(int[])
  setTint                      public setTint(int)
  setTintList                  public setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
  setTintMode                  public setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  setVisible                   public setVisible(boolean,boolean)
  unscheduleDrawable           public unscheduleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,java.lang.Runnable)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.DrawableWrapper$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pe)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mg)
===============================================================================
  q                public setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
  fitSystemWindows protected fitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_cp)
===============================================================================
  q                public setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
  fitSystemWindows protected fitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout$ParseException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a9)
===============================================================================
  q    public abstract setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$Exception (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ru)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a9$o)
===============================================================================
  eval_a   public abstract onFitSystemWindows(android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ya)
===============================================================================
  e                    public lookForSelectablePosition(int,boolean)
  eval_o               protected shouldShowSelectorCompat()
  i                    protected drawSelectorCompat(android.graphics.Canvas)
  p                    protected updateSelectorStateCompat()
  q                    protected positionSelectorLikeTouchCompat(int,android.view.View,float,float)
  r                    protected setSelectorEnabled(boolean)
  r                    protected positionSelectorLikeFocusCompat(int,android.view.View)
  s                    protected touchModeDrawsInPressedStateCompat()
  s                    protected positionSelectorCompat(int,android.view.View)
  w                    public measureHeightOfChildrenCompat(int,int,int,int,int)
  dispatchDraw         protected dispatchDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawableStateChanged protected drawableStateChanged()
  setSelector          public setSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ListViewCompat$GateKeeperDrawable     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ya$q)
===============================================================================
  eval_u           setEnabled(boolean)
  draw             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  setHotspot       public setHotspot(float,float)
  setHotspotBounds public setHotspotBounds(int,int,int,int)
  setState         public setState(int[])
  setVisible       public setVisible(boolean,boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d0)
===============================================================================
  k                        public setActionModeForChildListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout$OnActionModeForChildListener)
  startActionModeForChild  public startActionModeForChild(android.view.View,android.view.ActionMode$Callback)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout$OnActionModeForChildListener      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d0$k)
===============================================================================
  a    public abstract startActionModeForChild(android.view.View,android.view.ActionMode$Callback)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.NativeActionModeAwareLayout$ParseException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ResourcesWrapper      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nr)
===============================================================================
  getAnimation             public getAnimation(int)
  getBoolean               public getBoolean(int)
  getColor                 public getColor(int)
  getColorStateList        public getColorStateList(int)
  getConfiguration         public getConfiguration()
  getDimension             public getDimension(int)
  getDimensionPixelOffset  public getDimensionPixelOffset(int)
  getDimensionPixelSize    public getDimensionPixelSize(int)
  getDisplayMetrics        public getDisplayMetrics()
  getDrawable              public getDrawable(int)
  getDrawable              public getDrawable(int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  getDrawableForDensity    public getDrawableForDensity(int,int)
  getDrawableForDensity    public getDrawableForDensity(int,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
  getFraction              public getFraction(int,int,int)
  getIdentifier            public getIdentifier(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  getIntArray              public getIntArray(int)
  getInteger               public getInteger(int)
  getLayout                public getLayout(int)
  getMovie                 public getMovie(int)
  getQuantityString        public getQuantityString(int,int)
  getQuantityString        public transient getQuantityString(int,int,java.lang.Object[])
  getQuantityText          public getQuantityText(int,int)
  getResourceEntryName     public getResourceEntryName(int)
  getResourceName          public getResourceName(int)
  getResourcePackageName   public getResourcePackageName(int)
  getResourceTypeName      public getResourceTypeName(int)
  getString                public getString(int)
  getString                public transient getString(int,java.lang.Object[])
  getStringArray           public getStringArray(int)
  getText                  public getText(int)
  getText                  public getText(int,java.lang.CharSequence)
  getTextArray             public getTextArray(int)
  getValue                 public getValue(int,android.util.TypedValue,boolean)
  getValue                 public getValue(java.lang.String,android.util.TypedValue,boolean)
  getValueForDensity       public getValueForDensity(int,int,android.util.TypedValue,boolean)
  getXml                   public getXml(int)
  obtainAttributes         public obtainAttributes(android.util.AttributeSet,int[])
  obtainTypedArray         public obtainTypedArray(int)
  openRawResource          public openRawResource(int)
  openRawResource          public openRawResource(int,android.util.TypedValue)
  openRawResourceFd        public openRawResourceFd(int)
  parseBundleExtra         public parseBundleExtra(java.lang.String,android.util.AttributeSet,android.os.Bundle)
  parseBundleExtras        public parseBundleExtras(android.content.res.XmlResourceParser,android.os.Bundle)
  updateConfiguration      public updateConfiguration(android.content.res.Configuration,android.util.DisplayMetrics)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ResourcesWrapper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xe)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.RtlSpacingHelper      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r9)
===============================================================================
  d    public setRelative(int,int)
  e    public setDirection(boolean)
  g    public getEnd()
  k    public getLeft()
  l    public getStart()
  r    public getRight()
  y    public setAbsolute(int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.RtlSpacingHelper$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dx)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qs)
===============================================================================
  a                        public setAllowCollapse(boolean)
  d                        public removeAllTabs()
  d                        private createTabView(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  eval_j                   public animateToTab(int)
  eval_u                   public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,int,boolean)
  eval_w                   public updateTab(int)
  f                        public setContentHeight(int)
  h                        private isCollapsed()
  i                        static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView,android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  j                        private performExpand()
  j                        public onItemClick(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat,android.view.View,int,long)
  k                        public animateToVisibility(int)
  l                        private performCollapse()
  m                        private createSpinner()
  o                        public setTabSelected(int)
  s                        public removeTabAt(int)
  w                        static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
  z                        private createTabLayout()
  z                        public addTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab,boolean)
  onAttachedToWindow       public onAttachedToWindow()
  onConfigurationChanged   protected onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onDetachedFromWindow     public onDetachedFromWindow()
  onMeasure                public onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qs$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$NullPointerException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabAdapter  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qs$b)
===============================================================================
  getCount     public getCount()
  getItem      public getItem(int)
  getItemId    public getItemId(int)
  getView      public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabClickListener    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qs$z)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabView     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qs$eval_n)
===============================================================================
  i                                public bindTab(android.support.v7.app.ActionBar$Tab)
  j                                public getTab()
  m                                public update()
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onLongClick                      public onLongClick(android.view.View)
  onMeasure                        public onMeasure(int,int)
  setSelected                      public setSelected(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$VisibilityAnimListener      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qs$y)
===============================================================================
  e        public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)
  eval_i   public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  eval_r   public withFinalVisibility(android.support.v4.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat,int)
  s        public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz)
===============================================================================
  a                        static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat)
  c                        private makeView(int,boolean)
  d                        public setAdapter(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter)
  e                        static access$400(android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat)
  e                        public setPopupBackgroundResource(int)
  eval_c                   public getDropDownVerticalOffset()
  eval_o                   public setPromptId(int)
  eval_p                   public getPopupBackground()
  eval_s                   public getDropDownWidth()
  eval_w                   public getPrompt()
  eval_z                   public setGravity(int)
  i                        public setOnItemClickListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListener)
  i                        measureContentWidth(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  j                        public setPrompt(java.lang.CharSequence)
  k                        public setDropDownWidth(int)
  m                        public getDropDownHorizontalOffset()
  m                        public setDropDownHorizontalOffset(int)
  m                        layout(int,boolean)
  o                        setOnItemClickListenerInt(android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemClickListener)
  p                        public setPopupBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  t                        private setUpChild(android.view.View,boolean)
  t                        public setDropDownVerticalOffset(int)
  v                        public volatile setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
  getBaseline              public getBaseline()
  onClick                  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
  onDetachedFromWindow     protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout                 protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState   public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onSaveInstanceState      public onSaveInstanceState()
  onTouchEvent             public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  performClick             public performClick()
  setEnabled               public setEnabled(boolean)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$1)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public getPopup()
  j        public onForwardingStarted()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$2       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$2)
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DialogPopup     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$s)
===============================================================================
  b        public getBackground()
  eval__   public getHorizontalOffset()
  eval_v   public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  h        public show()
  k        public setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  m        public setHorizontalOffset(int)
  n        public setVerticalOffset(int)
  p        public dismiss()
  q        public setPromptText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v        public getVerticalOffset()
  w        public getHintText()
  z        public isShowing()
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropDownAdapter (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$p)
===============================================================================
  areAllItemsEnabled           public areAllItemsEnabled()
  getCount                     public getCount()
  getDropDownView              public getDropDownView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getItem                      public getItem(int)
  getItemId                    public getItemId(int)
  getItemViewType              public getItemViewType(int)
  getView                      public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getViewTypeCount             public getViewTypeCount()
  hasStableIds                 public hasStableIds()
  isEmpty                      public isEmpty()
  isEnabled                    public isEnabled(int)
  registerDataSetObserver      public registerDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)
  unregisterDataSetObserver    public unregisterDataSetObserver(android.database.DataSetObserver)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$n)
===============================================================================
  eval_p   computeContentWidth()
  eval_w   public show(int,int)
  k        public setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  m        static access$501(android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup)
  q        public setPromptText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  w        public getHintText()
  x        static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$n$1)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$2 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$n$2)
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$3 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$n$3)
===============================================================================
  onDismiss    public onDismiss()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$DropdownPopup$ParseException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_a3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$c)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$c$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SavedState$Exception    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.SpinnerCompat$SpinnerPopup    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sz$b)
===============================================================================
  b        public abstract getBackground()
  eval__   public abstract getHorizontalOffset()
  eval_v   public abstract setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  h        public abstract show()
  k        public abstract setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  m        public abstract setHorizontalOffset(int)
  n        public abstract setVerticalOffset(int)
  p        public abstract dismiss()
  q        public abstract setPromptText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v        public abstract getVerticalOffset()
  w        public abstract getHintText()
  z        public abstract isShowing()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintAutoCompleteTextView      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nu)
===============================================================================
  setDropDownBackgroundResource    public setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintAutoCompleteTextView$Exception    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintButton    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h0)
===============================================================================
  setBackgroundResource    public setBackgroundResource(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintButton$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ic)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckBox  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ba)
===============================================================================
  setButtonDrawable    public setButtonDrawable(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckBox$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_tk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckedTextView   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pm)
===============================================================================
  setCheckMarkDrawable public setCheckMarkDrawable(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintCheckedTextView$Exception (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintDrawableWrapper   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval___)
===============================================================================
  eval_k       private updateTint(int[])
  isStateful   public isStateful()
  setState     public setState(int[])

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintDrawableWrapper$Exception (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintEditText  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintEditText$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hs)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintImageView (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ap)
===============================================================================
  setImageResource public setImageResource(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintImageView$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_up)
===============================================================================
  eval_b   private static isInTintList(int)
  eval_h   getThemeAttrColor(int,float)
  f        public static getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)
  f        public getDrawable(int)
  i        getThemeAttrColor(int)
  l        private getButtonColorStateList()
  n        private getDefaultColorStateList()
  n        tintDrawable(int,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  v        getDisabledThemeAttrColor(int)
  w        private getSwitchTrackColorStateList()
  x        private static arrayContains(int[],int)
  y        private getSwitchThumbColorStateList()

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sa)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintManager$ColorFilterLruCache       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_up$s)
===============================================================================
  b    put(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode,android.graphics.PorterDuffColorFilter)
  g    private static generateCacheKey(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
  l    get(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintMultiAutoCompleteTextView (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vi)
===============================================================================
  setDropDownBackgroundResource    public setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintMultiAutoCompleteTextView$Exception       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dw)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRadioButton       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pf)
===============================================================================
  setButtonDrawable    public setButtonDrawable(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRadioButton$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRatingBar (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nn)
===============================================================================
  a            private tileify(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
  g            private tileifyIndeterminate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  i            private getDrawableShape()
  onMeasure    protected synchronized onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintRatingBar$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ob)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintResources (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nl)
===============================================================================
  getDrawable  public getDrawable(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintResources$IOException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_dj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintSpinner   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sy)
===============================================================================
  a    private static setPopupBackgroundDrawableV11(android.widget.Spinner,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintSpinner$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ys)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintTypedArray        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__j)
===============================================================================
  b        public getResourceId(int,int)
  c        public static obtainStyledAttributes(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int[],int,int)
  d        public getType(int)
  d        public getValue(int,android.util.TypedValue)
  eval_a   public static obtainStyledAttributes(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int[])
  eval_j   public getColorStateList(int)
  eval_t   public getTextArray(int)
  eval_y   public getIndex(int)
  f        public recycle()
  f        public getNonResourceString(int)
  f        public getFraction(int,int,int,float)
  g        public getDimensionPixelSize(int,int)
  j        public length()
  k        public getIndexCount()
  k        public getText(int)
  k        public getLayoutDimension(int,int)
  m        public getResources()
  m        public peekValue(int)
  m        public getInt(int,int)
  n        public getLayoutDimension(int,java.lang.String)
  o        public getString(int)
  o        public getFloat(int,float)
  o        public getColor(int,int)
  r        public hasValue(int)
  s        public getTintManager()
  u        public getPositionDescription()
  u        public getDimensionPixelOffset(int,int)
  v        public getChangingConfigurations()
  v        public getDrawable(int)
  w        public getBoolean(int,boolean)
  x        public getInteger(int,int)
  z        public getDimension(int,float)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintTypedArray$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uc)
===============================================================================
  a        public setNavigationContentDescription(int)
  b        public getVisibility()
  b        private setTitleInt(java.lang.CharSequence)
  c        public getCustomView()
  c        public setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  d        public getViewGroup()
  e        public dismissPopupMenus()
  e        public setMenu(android.view.Menu,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  eval__   public isSplit()
  eval_a   private ensureSpinner()
  eval_b   public isTitleTruncated()
  eval_c   public animateToVisibility(int)
  eval_f   public getNavigationMode()
  eval_h   public setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_i   public hideOverflowMenu()
  eval_j   public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  eval_k   public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  eval_k   public setVisibility(int)
  eval_k   public setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_m   private detectDisplayOptions()
  eval_n   public getDropdownItemCount()
  eval_o   private updateToolbarLogo()
  eval_q   public canShowOverflowMenu()
  eval_r   public hasLogo()
  eval_t   public getDisplayOptions()
  eval_t   public setCustomView(android.view.View)
  eval_u   public getDropdownSelectedPosition()
  eval_x   private updateNavigationIcon()
  eval_z   public getPopupTheme()
  f        private updateHomeAccessibility()
  f        static access$300(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper)
  g        public getHeight()
  g        public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  h        public collapseActionView()
  h        static access$100(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper)
  h        public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  i        public getContext()
  j        public setCollapsible(boolean)
  k        public setDefaultNavigationContentDescription(int)
  l        public hasIcon()
  l        static access$200(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper)
  l        public restoreHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  l        public setHomeButtonEnabled(boolean)
  l        public setDropdownSelectedPosition(int)
  m        public canSplit()
  m        public setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  n        public hasEmbeddedTabs()
  o        public setSplitToolbar(boolean)
  p        public setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p        public saveHierarchyState(android.util.SparseArray)
  q        public showOverflowMenu()
  r        public initProgress()
  r        static access$000(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper)
  r        public setLogo(int)
  s        public setMenuPrepared()
  s        public setWindowCallback(android.support.v7.internal.app.WindowCallback)
  s        public setDropdownParams(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter,android.support.v7.internal.widget.AdapterViewCompat$OnItemSelectedListener)
  s        public setSplitWhenNarrow(boolean)
  s        public setNavigationMode(int)
  t        public initIndeterminateProgress()
  t        public setEmbeddedTabView(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
  t        public setSplitView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  t        public setNavigationIcon(int)
  u        public setDisplayOptions(int)
  u        public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  v        public getSubtitle()
  w        public setMenuCallbacks(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  x        public getTitle()
  y        public getMenu()
  y        public setDefaultNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  z        public hasExpandedActionView()
  z        public setIcon(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uc$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$2        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uc$2)
===============================================================================
  eval_i   public onAnimationEnd(android.view.View)
  s        public onAnimationCancel(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$3        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uc$3)
===============================================================================
  e    public onAnimationStart(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$NullPointerException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_l_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r2)
===============================================================================
  d                public setLayoutInflater(android.view.LayoutInflater)
  eval_s           public setOnInflateListener(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener)
  f                public setInflatedId(int)
  h                public getLayoutResource()
  l                public setLayoutResource(int)
  o                public getLayoutInflater()
  x                public inflate()
  z                public getInflatedId()
  dispatchDraw     protected dispatchDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  draw             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onMeasure        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  setVisibility    public setVisibility(int)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_r2$j)
===============================================================================
  l    public abstract onInflate(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewStubCompat,android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewUtils     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oa)
===============================================================================
  k    public static computeFitSystemWindows(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)
  p    public static isLayoutRtl(android.view.View)
  p    public static combineMeasuredStates(int,int)
  q    public static makeOptionalFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.internal.widget.ViewUtils$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_we)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.ActionMode       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vv)
===============================================================================
  a        public abstract setSubtitle(int)
  b        public abstract setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_f   public getTag()
  eval_i   public getTitleOptionalHint()
  eval_o   public isUiFocusable()
  eval_u   public isTitleOptional()
  f        public abstract getSubtitle()
  i        public abstract getCustomView()
  i        public abstract setCustomView(android.view.View)
  k        public abstract getMenuInflater()
  m        public setTag(java.lang.Object)
  r        public abstract getTitle()
  s        public abstract finish()
  u        public abstract getMenu()
  u        public abstract setTitle(int)
  v        public setTitleOptionalHint(boolean)
  z        public abstract invalidate()
  z        public abstract setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)

android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vv$w)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract onDestroyActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode)
  l    public abstract onCreateActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)
  w    public abstract onActionItemClicked(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.MenuItem)
  y    public abstract onPrepareActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Exception     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ft)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.view.CollapsibleActionView    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k8)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract onActionViewExpanded()
  y    public abstract onActionViewCollapsed()

android.support.v7.view.CollapsibleActionView$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0)
===============================================================================
  b        public hideSubMenus()
  c        public updateMenuView(boolean)
  e        public onSaveInstanceState()
  e        static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  e        public setItemLimit(int)
  eval_f   public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  eval_n   public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  eval_n   static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  eval_q   public dismissPopupMenus()
  eval_q   static access$800(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  eval_t   public getItemView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  f        public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  f        private findViewForItem(android.view.MenuItem)
  h        public flagActionItems()
  i        public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  i        static access$202(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter,android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowPopup)
  j        static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  j        public shouldIncludeItem(int,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  m        public isOverflowReserved()
  n        public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  n        public setMenuView(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView)
  q        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  q        static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  q        public filterLeftoverView(android.view.ViewGroup,int)
  r        static access$702(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter,android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionButtonSubmenu)
  t        static access$302(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter,android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OpenOverflowRunnable)
  t        public onSubUiVisibilityChanged(boolean)
  u        public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  u        static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  v        public hideOverflowMenu()
  v        public bindItemView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuView$ItemView)
  v        static access$700(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  w        public setExpandedActionViewsExclusive(boolean)
  x        static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  x        public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)
  y        public showOverflowMenu()
  y        public setWidthLimit(int,boolean)
  z        public setReserveOverflow(boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$1  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionButtonSubmenu        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$_)
===============================================================================
  onDismiss    public onDismiss()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$ActionMenuPopupCallback    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$s)
===============================================================================
  l    public getPopup()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_re)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OpenOverflowRunnable       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$b)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$l)
===============================================================================
  f            public needsDividerBefore()
  h            public needsDividerAfter()
  performClick public performClick()
  setFrame     protected setFrame(int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton$1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$l$1)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public getPopup()
  j        public onForwardingStarted()
  p        public onForwardingStopped()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowMenuButton$Exception       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_us)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$OverflowPopup      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$w)
===============================================================================
  onDismiss    public onDismiss()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$PopupPresenterCallback     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$e)
===============================================================================
  j    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  o    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$a)
===============================================================================
  describeContents public describeContents()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState$1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e0$a$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ej)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ke)
===============================================================================
  b                                public isOverflowReserved()
  b                                static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView)
  c                                public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  d                                public hideOverflowMenu()
  eval__                           public generateOverflowButtonLayoutParams()
  eval_u                           public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  eval_x                           public setPresenter(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  f                                public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  g                                private onMeasureExactFormat(int,int)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  h                                public peekMenu()
  i                                public dismissPopupMenus()
  k                                public invokeItem(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  m                                public getPopupTheme()
  o                                public showOverflowMenu()
  q                                public getWindowAnimations()
  q                                static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView)
  q                                public setPopupTheme(int)
  r                                public setMenuCallbacks(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  r                                static measureChildForCells(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  v                                public setOverflowReserved(boolean)
  w                                public getMenu()
  w                                protected hasSupportDividerBeforeChildAt(int)
  x                                public setExpandedActionViewsExclusive(boolean)
  z                                public initialize(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent   public dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected volatile generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onConfigurationChanged           public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onDetachedFromWindow             public onDetachedFromWindow()
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ke$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$ActionMenuChildView     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ke$_)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract needsDividerBefore()
  h    public abstract needsDividerAfter()

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$ActionMenuPresenterCallback     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ke$v)
===============================================================================
  j    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  o    public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$LayoutParams    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ke$s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$MenuBuilderCallback     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ke$g)
===============================================================================
  eval_h   public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  v        public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$NullPointerException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ke$b)
===============================================================================
  d    public abstract onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mn)
===============================================================================
  a                                protected hasDividerBeforeChildAt(int)
  a                                private forceUniformWidth(int,int)
  b                                drawHorizontalDivider(android.graphics.Canvas,int)
  b                                measureNullChild(int)
  c                                drawDividersHorizontal(android.graphics.Canvas)
  c                                getNextLocationOffset(android.view.View)
  d                                public setWeightSum(float)
  d                                getVirtualChildAt(int)
  e                                getVirtualChildCount()
  eval_b                           public getDividerDrawable()
  eval_c                           public getDividerWidth()
  eval_g                           public setDividerPadding(int)
  eval_i                           public setHorizontalGravity(int)
  eval_k                           public getWeightSum()
  eval_p                           public getBaselineAlignedChildIndex()
  eval_s                           measureHorizontal(int,int)
  eval_x                           public isMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled()
  eval_y                           public setOrientation(int)
  eval_z                           public getOrientation()
  g                                public setMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled(boolean)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  h                                public setVerticalGravity(int)
  j                                public setDividerDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  k                                measureChildBeforeLayout(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int)
  k                                public setBaselineAligned(boolean)
  l                                public getShowDividers()
  n                                drawVerticalDivider(android.graphics.Canvas,int)
  n                                getChildrenSkipCount(android.view.View,int)
  n                                public setBaselineAlignedChildIndex(int)
  o                                drawDividersVertical(android.graphics.Canvas)
  p                                public isBaselineAligned()
  p                                public setGravity(int)
  r                                public setShowDividers(int)
  r                                measureVertical(int,int)
  s                                public getDividerPadding()
  s                                layoutHorizontal(int,int,int,int)
  y                                getLocationOffset(android.view.View)
  y                                private forceUniformHeight(int,int)
  z                                private setChildFrame(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
  z                                layoutVertical(int,int,int,int)
  checkLayoutParams                protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams      protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams             public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams             protected volatile generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  getBaseline                      public getBaseline()
  onDraw                           protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        protected onMeasure(int,int)
  shouldDelayChildPressedState     public shouldDelayChildPressedState()

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$DividerMode (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mn$a)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$LayoutParams        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mn$r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat$OrientationMode     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mn$d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6)
===============================================================================
  a        public isDropDownAlwaysVisible()
  b        public getBackground()
  c        private removePromptView()
  c        public setAnchorView(android.view.View)
  d        public getSelectedItem()
  d        public setDropDownAlwaysVisible(boolean)
  e        public setWidth(int)
  eval__   public getHorizontalOffset()
  eval__   public onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  eval_b   public clearListSelection()
  eval_d   public setHeight(int)
  eval_e   public setInputMethodMode(int)
  eval_g   private buildDropDown()
  eval_h   public getSelectedItemPosition()
  eval_i   public getInputMethodMode()
  eval_k   public getHeight()
  eval_o   public getAnchorView()
  eval_o   public createDragToOpenListener(android.view.View)
  eval_q   public setModal(boolean)
  eval_q   public setSelection(int)
  eval_r   public getListView()
  eval_s   public getSelectedView()
  eval_u   public setPromptPosition(int)
  eval_v   public setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  eval_z   public getSelectedItemId()
  g        public getWidth()
  g        public setOnItemClickListener(android.widget.AdapterView$OnItemClickListener)
  g        private setPopupClipToScreenEnabled(boolean)
  h        public show()
  h        public setOnDismissListener(android.widget.PopupWindow$OnDismissListener)
  h        public setSoftInputMode(int)
  i        public isModal()
  j        public getSoftInputMode()
  j        public onKeyPreIme(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  k        public isInputMethodNotNeeded()
  k        public setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
  k        public setAnimationStyle(int)
  l        public postShow()
  m        public setPromptView(android.view.View)
  m        public setOnItemSelectedListener(android.widget.AdapterView$OnItemSelectedListener)
  m        public setHorizontalOffset(int)
  n        static access$1200(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow)
  n        public setVerticalOffset(int)
  p        public dismiss()
  p        public setListSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  q        public getPromptPosition()
  q        static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow)
  q        private static isConfirmKey(int)
  r        static access$1300(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow)
  r        setListItemExpandMax(int)
  s        public getAnimationStyle()
  u        public setContentWidth(int)
  v        public getVerticalOffset()
  v        public setForceIgnoreOutsideTouch(boolean)
  v        public setDropDownGravity(int)
  x        static access$1100(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow)
  x        public performItemClick(int)
  z        public isShowing()
  z        public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$1)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public getPopup()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$2      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$3      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$3)
===============================================================================
  onItemSelected       public onItemSelected(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onNothingSelected    public onNothingSelected(android.widget.AdapterView)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$DropDownListView       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$u)
===============================================================================
  j                private setPressedItem(android.view.View,int,float,float)
  m                private clickPressedItem(android.view.View,int)
  s                protected touchModeDrawsInPressedStateCompat()
  x                public onForwardedEvent(android.view.MotionEvent,int)
  y                private clearPressedItem()
  y                static access$502(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$DropDownListView,boolean)
  hasFocus         public hasFocus()
  hasWindowFocus   public hasWindowFocus()
  isFocused        public isFocused()
  isInTouchMode    public isInTouchMode()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$s)
===============================================================================
  a        private toLocalMotionEvent(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
  c        private toGlobalMotionEvent(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
  d        private onLongPress()
  eval_g   public abstract getPopup()
  g        private clearCallbacks()
  j        protected onForwardingStarted()
  n        private onTouchObserved(android.view.MotionEvent)
  o        static access$1000(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener)
  o        private onTouchForwarded(android.view.MotionEvent)
  o        private static pointInView(android.view.View,float,float,float)
  p        protected onForwardingStopped()
  v        static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener)
  onTouch  public onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$DisallowIntercept   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$s$p)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$NullPointerException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ForwardingListener$TriggerLongPress    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$s$l)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ListSelectorHider      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$q)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupDataSetObserver   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$l)
===============================================================================
  onChanged        public onChanged()
  onInvalidated    public onInvalidated()

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupScrollListener    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$j)
===============================================================================
  onScroll             public onScroll(android.widget.AbsListView,int,int,int)
  onScrollStateChanged public onScrollStateChanged(android.widget.AbsListView,int)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$PopupTouchInterceptor  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$d)
===============================================================================
  onTouch  public onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow$ResizePopupRunnable    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p6$o)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kx)
===============================================================================
  a        public inflate(int)
  c        static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu)
  d        public getMenu()
  e        public dismiss()
  e        public setOnDismissListener(android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnDismissListener)
  e        public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  eval_h   public onMenuModeChange(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  eval_p   public show()
  f        public getMenuInflater()
  f        public onCloseSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  j        public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  o        public onOpenSubMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  u        public getDragToOpenListener()
  v        public onMenuItemSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kx$1)
===============================================================================
  eval_g   public getPopup()
  j        protected onForwardingStarted()
  p        protected onForwardingStopped()

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$NullPointerException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnDismissListener    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kx$q)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract onDismiss(android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu)

android.support.v7.widget.PopupMenu$OnMenuItemClickListener      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kx$i)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0)
===============================================================================
  a                    private hasVoiceSearch()
  a                    private launchIntent(android.content.Intent)
  a                    private launchSuggestion(int,int,java.lang.String)
  b                    public isSubmitButtonEnabled()
  b                    public setSearchableInfo(android.app.SearchableInfo)
  b                    public setSuggestionsAdapter(android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter)
  b                    static access$700(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  c                    public getSuggestionsAdapter()
  c                    static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  c                    public setOnCloseListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener)
  c                    private onSuggestionsKey(android.view.View,int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  c                    public setIconifiedByDefault(boolean)
  c                    private onItemClicked(int,int,java.lang.String)
  c                    private launchQuerySearch(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  e                    static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  e                    public setOnSuggestionListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener)
  eval__               private getPreferredWidth()
  eval__               static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  eval_a               public getInputType()
  eval_d               public isIconfiedByDefault()
  eval_e               private forceSuggestionQuery()
  eval_e               static access$1200(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  eval_f               public isQueryRefinementEnabled()
  eval_g               private onVoiceClicked()
  eval_h               private adjustDropDownSizeAndPosition()
  eval_j               private updateSubmitArea()
  eval_l               private updateQueryHint()
  eval_m               private dismissSuggestions()
  eval_n               public isIconified()
  eval_o               private isSubmitAreaEnabled()
  eval_q               getSuggestionCommitIconResId()
  eval_q               private rewriteQueryFromSuggestion(int)
  eval_s               getSuggestionRowLayout()
  eval_s               private onItemSelected(int)
  eval_t               private updateFocusedState()
  eval_u               static access$1100()
  eval_v               private onSearchClicked()
  eval_w               private updateSearchAutoComplete()
  eval_z               static access$1300(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  f                    private updateCloseButton()
  f                    static access$1400(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  f                    private updateViewsVisibility(boolean)
  g                    private postUpdateFocusedState()
  g                    static access$1000(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  h                    public onActionViewExpanded()
  h                    public setQueryRefinementEnabled(boolean)
  i                    static access$1500(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  i                    public setImeOptions(int)
  j                    public getMaxWidth()
  j                    public setIconified(boolean)
  k                    private onSubmitQuery()
  k                    public setQueryHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
  l                    static access$800(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  l                    static access$2000(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,int)
  l                    onQueryRefine(java.lang.CharSequence)
  m                    public getQuery()
  m                    static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  m                    public setMaxWidth(int)
  n                    private addOnLayoutChangeListenerToDropDownAnchorBase()
  n                    private updateVoiceButton(boolean)
  n                    private getDecoratedHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
  n                    public setQuery(java.lang.CharSequence,boolean)
  o                    public setOnSearchClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
  o                    public setSubmitButtonEnabled(boolean)
  o                    private onTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p                    static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  p                    static access$2200(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,boolean)
  p                    static access$1900(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,int,int,java.lang.String)
  q                    public getImeOptions()
  q                    public setInputType(int)
  r                    public getQueryHint()
  r                    private createVoiceWebSearchIntent(android.content.Intent,android.app.SearchableInfo)
  r                    public setAppSearchData(android.os.Bundle)
  r                    static access$900(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  r                    private createIntent(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
  s                    private createIntentFromSuggestion(android.database.Cursor,int,java.lang.String)
  s                    static access$600(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  s                    static access$2100(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,java.lang.CharSequence)
  s                    private setQuery(java.lang.CharSequence)
  t                    private createVoiceAppSearchIntent(android.content.Intent,android.app.SearchableInfo)
  t                    private setImeVisibility(boolean)
  v                    static isLandscapeMode(android.content.Context)
  v                    private updateSubmitButton(boolean)
  w                    private onCloseClicked()
  w                    public setOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener)
  x                    private addOnLayoutChangeListenerToDropDownAnchorSDK11()
  x                    static access$1600(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,android.view.View,int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  x                    public setOnQueryTextFocusChangeListener(android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
  y                    public onActionViewCollapsed()
  y                    static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  z                    onTextFocusChanged()
  z                    static access$1800(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  clearFocus           public clearFocus()
  onDetachedFromWindow protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onMeasure            protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onWindowFocusChanged public onWindowFocusChanged(boolean)
  requestFocus         public requestFocus(int,android.graphics.Rect)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$10  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$10)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$11  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$11)
===============================================================================
  onItemSelected       public onItemSelected(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onNothingSelected    public onNothingSelected(android.widget.AdapterView)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$12  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$12)
===============================================================================
  afterTextChanged     public afterTextChanged(android.text.Editable)
  beforeTextChanged    public beforeTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)
  onTextChanged        public onTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$2   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$3   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$4   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$4)
===============================================================================
  onFocusChange    public onFocusChange(android.view.View,boolean)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$5   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$5)
===============================================================================
  onLayoutChange   public onLayoutChange(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$6   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$6)
===============================================================================
  onGlobalLayout   public onGlobalLayout()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$7   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$7)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$8   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$8)
===============================================================================
  onKey    public onKey(android.view.View,int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$9   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$9)
===============================================================================
  onEditorAction   public onEditorAction(android.widget.TextView,int,android.view.KeyEvent)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$AutoCompleteTextViewReflector       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$v)
===============================================================================
  i    doBeforeTextChanged(android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView)
  o    ensureImeVisible(android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView,boolean)
  r    showSoftInputUnchecked(android.view.inputmethod.InputMethodManager,android.view.View,int)
  s    doAfterTextChanged(android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$h)
===============================================================================
  l    public abstract onClose()

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$e)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)
  q    public abstract onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$b)
===============================================================================
  eval_p   public abstract onSuggestionClick(int)
  o        public abstract onSuggestionSelect(int)

android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v0$a)
===============================================================================
  s                    static access$1700(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete)
  u                    private isEmpty()
  v                    setSearchView(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
  enoughToFilter       public enoughToFilter()
  onFocusChanged       protected onFocusChanged(boolean,int,android.graphics.Rect)
  onKeyPreIme          public onKeyPreIme(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onWindowFocusChanged public onWindowFocusChanged(boolean)
  performCompletion    public performCompletion()
  replaceText          protected replaceText(java.lang.CharSequence)
  setThreshold         public setThreshold(int)

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ie)
===============================================================================
  d        public onCreateActionView()
  e        public setOnShareTargetSelectedListener(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$OnShareTargetSelectedListener)
  eval_p   public hasSubMenu()
  eval_u   public setShareIntent(android.content.Intent)
  g        static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider,android.content.Intent)
  k        static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider)
  n        private updateIntent(android.content.Intent)
  o        static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider)
  r        private setActivityChooserPolicyIfNeeded()
  r        public onPrepareSubMenu(android.view.SubMenu)
  r        public setShareHistoryFileName(java.lang.String)
  s        static access$100(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider)

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$1  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ie$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_c9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$OnShareTargetSelectedListener      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ie$g)
===============================================================================
  f    public abstract onShareTargetSelected(android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$ShareActivityChooserModelPolicy    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ie$w)
===============================================================================
  h    public onChooseActivity(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel,android.content.Intent)

android.support.v7.widget.ShareActionProvider$ShareMenuItemOnMenuItemClickListener       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ie$p)
===============================================================================
  onMenuItemClick  public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ow)
===============================================================================
  a                        private getActivityIcon(android.content.ComponentName)
  a                        private setViewDrawable(android.widget.ImageView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
  b                        public close()
  c                        private getActivityIconWithCache(android.content.ComponentName)
  c                        public changeCursor(android.database.Cursor)
  e                        public setQueryRefinement(int)
  eval_j                   private formatUrl(java.lang.CharSequence)
  eval_m                   private storeInIconCache(java.lang.String,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  f                        private getDrawable(android.net.Uri)
  i                        private setViewText(android.widget.TextView,java.lang.CharSequence)
  j                        private getDefaultIcon1(android.database.Cursor)
  j                        private checkIconCache(java.lang.String)
  l                        private getIcon1(android.database.Cursor)
  n                        private updateSpinnerState(android.database.Cursor)
  o                        public convertToString(android.database.Cursor)
  o                        getDrawableFromResourceUri(android.net.Uri)
  r                        public static getColumnString(android.database.Cursor,java.lang.String)
  s                        private static getStringOrNull(android.database.Cursor,int)
  v                        public bindView(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor)
  v                        private getDrawableFromResourceValue(java.lang.String)
  w                        public newView(android.content.Context,android.database.Cursor,android.view.ViewGroup)
  w                        private getIcon2(android.database.Cursor)
  x                        getSearchManagerSuggestions(android.app.SearchableInfo,java.lang.String,int)
  y                        public getQueryRefinement()
  y                        public runQueryOnBackgroundThread(java.lang.CharSequence)
  getView                  public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  hasStableIds             public hasStableIds()
  notifyDataSetChanged     public notifyDataSetChanged()
  notifyDataSetInvalidated public notifyDataSetInvalidated()
  onClick                  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter$ChildViewCache      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ow$f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_om)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ep)
===============================================================================
  d                                public setSwitchMinWidth(int)
  e                                private cancelPositionAnimator()
  e                                static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat,float)
  e                                private cancelSuperTouch(android.view.MotionEvent)
  e                                public setThumbTextPadding(int)
  eval_v                           public getTextOff()
  eval_y                           private getTargetCheckedState()
  f                                private hitThumb(float,float)
  g                                public getSplitTrack()
  g                                public setThumbDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  h                                public getSwitchMinWidth()
  h                                public setSwitchTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
  h                                public setShowText(boolean)
  i                                public getThumbTextPadding()
  i                                private animateThumbToCheckedState(boolean)
  l                                public getTrackDrawable()
  l                                public setSwitchTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)
  l                                public setTextOff(java.lang.CharSequence)
  m                                public setTrackDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  o                                private getThumbScrollRange()
  o                                public setTextOn(java.lang.CharSequence)
  p                                public getSwitchPadding()
  p                                private makeLayout(java.lang.CharSequence)
  q                                private getThumbOffset()
  q                                private static constrain(float,float,float)
  s                                public setSplitTrack(boolean)
  s                                private setThumbPosition(float)
  s                                public setThumbResource(int)
  t                                public getThumbDrawable()
  t                                public setTrackResource(int)
  v                                public getTextOn()
  v                                public setSwitchTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface,int)
  v                                public setSwitchPadding(int)
  w                                private stopDrag(android.view.MotionEvent)
  x                                public getShowText()
  draw                             public draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  drawableHotspotChanged           public drawableHotspotChanged(float,float)
  drawableStateChanged             protected drawableStateChanged()
  getCompoundPaddingLeft           public getCompoundPaddingLeft()
  getCompoundPaddingRight          public getCompoundPaddingRight()
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState      public jumpDrawablesToCurrentState()
  onCreateDrawableState            protected onCreateDrawableState(int)
  onDraw                           protected onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
  onInitializeAccessibilityEvent   public onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo    public onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
  onLayout                         protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                        public onMeasure(int,int)
  onPopulateAccessibilityEvent     public onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
  onTouchEvent                     public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setChecked                       public setChecked(boolean)
  toggle                           public toggle()
  verifyDrawable                   protected verifyDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)

android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ep$1)
===============================================================================
  applyTransformation  protected applyTransformation(float,android.view.animation.Transformation)

android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat$IOException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv)
===============================================================================
  a                            static access$500(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar,boolean)
  a                            private layoutChildLeft(android.view.View,int,int[],int)
  a                            public setSubtitle(int)
  b                            public isOverflowMenuShowPending()
  b                            public setTitleTextColor(int)
  c                            public getNavigationContentDescription()
  d                            private ensureCollapseButtonView()
  d                            static access$000(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  e                            public setTitleTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)
  e                            public setNavigationIcon(int)
  eval_b                       public getLogoDescription()
  eval_d                       public getWrapper()
  eval_g                       private shouldCollapse()
  eval_i                       private measureChildConstrained(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int)
  eval_k                       public getContentInsetLeft()
  eval_l                       public dismissPopupMenus()
  eval_n                       public getContentInsetEnd()
  eval_o                       private postShowOverflowMenu()
  eval_o                       public setSubtitleTextColor(int)
  eval_p                       public getContentInsetRight()
  eval_q                       static access$300(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  eval_q                       private static isCustomView(android.view.View)
  eval_s                       public getContentInsetStart()
  eval_t                       public getNavigationIcon()
  eval_u                       public isTitleTruncated()
  eval_u                       public setNavigationContentDescription(int)
  eval_v                       public getSubtitle()
  eval_x                       private ensureNavButtonView()
  eval_x                       public inflateMenu(int)
  eval_y                       private getMinimumHeightCompat()
  eval_z                       private ensureMenuView()
  f                            public getLogo()
  f                            public setNavigationOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
  f                            private addCustomViewsWithGravity(java.util.List,int)
  g                            private ensureMenu()
  g                            private setChildVisibilityForExpandedActionView(boolean)
  g                            private getChildVerticalGravity(int)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams         protected generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  h                            public getMenu()
  h                            public setCollapsible(boolean)
  h                            public setContentInsetsRelative(int,int)
  i                            public hideOverflowMenu()
  i                            public setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  j                            public isOverflowMenuShowing()
  j                            public setTitle(int)
  k                            public getPopupTheme()
  k                            public setSubtitleTextAppearance(android.content.Context,int)
  l                            private addSystemView(android.view.View)
  l                            public setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  m                            private ensureLogoView()
  m                            public setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener)
  m                            private shouldLayout(android.view.View)
  n                            public collapseActionView()
  n                            private static themifyContext(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
  n                            private updateChildVisibilityForExpandedActionView(android.view.View)
  o                            public getTitle()
  p                            public setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  p                            private getChildTop(android.view.View,int)
  q                            public showOverflowMenu()
  q                            private measureChildCollapseMargins(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int[])
  q                            private getChildHorizontalGravity(int)
  r                            static access$400(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  r                            public setPopupTheme(int)
  r                            public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
  s                            private getVerticalMargins(android.view.View)
  s                            private layoutChildRight(android.view.View,int,int[],int)
  t                            public canShowOverflowMenu()
  t                            public setLogo(int)
  u                            private getMenuInflater()
  u                            public setContentInsetsAbsolute(int,int)
  u                            public setLogoDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  u                            private getViewListMeasuredWidth(java.util.List,int[])
  v                            public setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
  w                            public setMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
  w                            static access$200(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
  w                            private getHorizontalMargins(android.view.View)
  x                            public setMenuCallbacks(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder$Callback)
  y                            public hasExpandedActionView()
  y                            public setLogoDescription(int)
  checkLayoutParams            protected checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  generateDefaultLayoutParams  protected volatile generateDefaultLayoutParams()
  generateLayoutParams         public volatile generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
  generateLayoutParams         protected volatile generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
  onDetachedFromWindow         protected onDetachedFromWindow()
  onHoverEvent                 public onHoverEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  onLayout                     protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
  onMeasure                    protected onMeasure(int,int)
  onRestoreInstanceState       protected onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  onRtlPropertiesChanged       public onRtlPropertiesChanged(int)
  onSaveInstanceState          protected onSaveInstanceState()
  onTouchEvent                 public onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
  setMinimumHeight             public setMinimumHeight(int)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv$1)
===============================================================================
  d    public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$2      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$3      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv$3)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$ExpandedActionViewMenuPresenter        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv$_)
===============================================================================
  c    public updateMenuView(boolean)
  e    public onSaveInstanceState()
  f    public onSubMenuSelected(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.SubMenuBuilder)
  h    public flagActionItems()
  h    public setCallback(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuPresenter$Callback)
  j    public expandItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  l    public collapseItemActionView(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl)
  n    public onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
  q    public onCloseMenu(android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder,boolean)
  u    public getId()
  u    public initForMenu(android.content.Context,android.support.v7.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder)
  x    public getMenuView(android.view.ViewGroup)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$IOException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__y)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$LayoutParams   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv$j)
===============================================================================
  v    copyMarginsFromCompat(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv$m)
===============================================================================
  u    public abstract onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv$eval_h)
===============================================================================
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wv$eval_h$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.support.v7.widget.WindowCallbackWrapper  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pj)
===============================================================================
  a    public onCreatePanelView(int)
  a    public onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
  j    public startActionMode(android.support.v7.view.ActionMode$Callback)
  k    public onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
  m    public onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
  t    public onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
  u    public onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)

android.support.v7.widget.WindowCallbackWrapper$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.AmbientLightManager      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bl)
===============================================================================
  b                    public stop()
  e                    public start()
  k                    static access$000(com.google.zxing.client.android.AmbientLightManager)
  y                    private setTorch(boolean)
  onAccuracyChanged    public onAccuracyChanged(android.hardware.Sensor,int)
  onSensorChanged      public onSensorChanged(android.hardware.SensorEvent)

com.google.zxing.client.android.AmbientLightManager$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_bl$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.google.zxing.client.android.AmbientLightManager$2    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rq)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.AmbientLightManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.BeepManager      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zv)
===============================================================================
  b            private buildMediaPlayer(android.content.Context)
  eval_g       public setBeepEnabled(boolean)
  f            private static shouldBeep(boolean,android.content.Context)
  q            public isVibrateEnabled()
  r            public isBeepEnabled()
  t            public synchronized updatePrefs()
  u            public setVibrateEnabled(boolean)
  v            public synchronized playBeepSoundAndVibrate()
  close        public synchronized close()
  onCompletion public onCompletion(android.media.MediaPlayer)
  onError      public synchronized onError(android.media.MediaPlayer,int,int)

com.google.zxing.client.android.BeepManager$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.BeepManager$IOException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.BuildConfig      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.BuildConfig$IOException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.DecodeFormatManager      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rg)
===============================================================================
  j    public static parseDecodeFormats(android.content.Intent)
  y    private static parseDecodeFormats(java.lang.Iterable,java.lang.String)

com.google.zxing.client.android.DecodeFormatManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ji)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.DecodeHintManager        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_px)
===============================================================================
  eval_r   private static splitQuery(java.lang.String)
  n        public static parseDecodeHints(android.content.Intent)
  s        static parseDecodeHints(android.net.Uri)

com.google.zxing.client.android.DecodeHintManager$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pr)
===============================================================================
  a        private onBattery(boolean)
  e        public cancel()
  eval_j   public activity()
  eval_y   private unregisterReceiver()
  i        private registerReceiver()
  k        private cancelCallback()
  o        static access$200(com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer)
  o        static access$100(com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer,boolean)
  w        public start()

com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer$1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pr$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ia)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer$PowerStatusReceiver      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pr$v)
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer$PowerStatusReceiver$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pr$v$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer$PowerStatusReceiver$ParseException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_im)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents$Exception        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_kr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents$Scan     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fj$b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.R
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.R$IOException
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.R$attr
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.R$color
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.R$id
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.R$layout
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.R$raw
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.R$string
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.R$style
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.R$styleable
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.CameraConfigurationUtils  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fe)
===============================================================================
  b    public static collectStats(java.lang.CharSequence)
  c    public static setBarcodeSceneMode(android.hardware.Camera$Parameters)
  c    private static toString(java.lang.Iterable)
  d    public static setTorch(android.hardware.Camera$Parameters,boolean)
  e    public static setBestPreviewFPS(android.hardware.Camera$Parameters,int,int)
  f    private static buildMiddleArea(int)
  h    public static setInvertColor(android.hardware.Camera$Parameters)
  h    private static toString(java.util.Collection)
  l    public static setFocus(android.hardware.Camera$Parameters,boolean,boolean,boolean)
  m    public static setBestPreviewFPS(android.hardware.Camera$Parameters)
  n    public static collectStats(android.hardware.Camera$Parameters)
  n    public static setBestExposure(android.hardware.Camera$Parameters,boolean)
  p    public static setZoom(android.hardware.Camera$Parameters,double)
  r    public static setMetering(android.hardware.Camera$Parameters)
  s    public static setFocusArea(android.hardware.Camera$Parameters)
  s    private static indexOfClosestZoom(android.hardware.Camera$Parameters,double)
  s    private static transient findSettableValue(java.lang.String,java.util.Collection,java.lang.String[])
  y    public static setVideoStabilization(android.hardware.Camera$Parameters)

com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.CameraConfigurationUtils$IOException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ex)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.open.OpenCameraInterface  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yi)
===============================================================================
  c    public static open(int)
  s    public static getCameraId(int)

com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.open.OpenCameraInterface$IOException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentIntegrator    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__z)
===============================================================================
  a        public final initiateScan()
  a        private attachMoreExtras(android.content.Intent)
  c        public setOrientationLocked(boolean)
  e        protected startActivity(android.content.Intent)
  e        public static forSupportFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
  eval_a   public setDesiredBarcodeFormats(java.util.Collection)
  eval_m   public getCaptureActivity()
  g        public setBeepEnabled(boolean)
  g        public static parseActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
  i        public createScanIntent()
  j        public setCaptureActivity(java.lang.Class)
  j        public final addExtra(java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
  j        private static transient list(java.lang.String[])
  l        public final initiateScan(java.util.Collection)
  m        protected startActivityForResult(android.content.Intent,int)
  m        public setCameraId(int)
  s        public final setPrompt(java.lang.String)
  w        protected getDefaultCaptureActivity()
  w        public static forFragment(android.app.Fragment)
  z        public getMoreExtras()

com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentIntegrator$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentResult        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_is)
===============================================================================
  c        public getFormatName()
  e        public getErrorCorrectionLevel()
  eval_v   public getRawBytes()
  x        public getOrientation()
  z        public getContents()
  toString public toString()

com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentResult$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeCallback   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e_)
===============================================================================
  c    public abstract possibleResultPoints(java.util.List)
  p    public abstract barcodeResult(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeResult)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeCallback$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeEncoder    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k_)
===============================================================================
  eval_a   public createBitmap(com.google.zxing.common.BitMatrix)
  q        public encode(java.lang.String,com.google.zxing.BarcodeFormat,int,int)
  u        public encodeBitmap(java.lang.String,com.google.zxing.BarcodeFormat,int,int)
  w        public encodeBitmap(java.lang.String,com.google.zxing.BarcodeFormat,int,int,java.util.Map)
  x        public encode(java.lang.String,com.google.zxing.BarcodeFormat,int,int,java.util.Map)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeEncoder$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeResult     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b9)
===============================================================================
  b        public getResult()
  eval_l   public getTimestamp()
  f        private static drawLine(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint,com.google.zxing.ResultPoint,com.google.zxing.ResultPoint,int)
  h        public getBitmapWithResultPoints(int)
  j        public getBitmap()
  k        public getText()
  o        public getBitmapScaleFactor()
  r        public getBarcodeFormat()
  s        public getResultMetadata()
  v        public getResultPoints()
  z        public getRawBytes()
  toString public toString()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeResult$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeView       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__c)
===============================================================================
  a        public getDecoderFactory()
  e        static access$000(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeView)
  eval_e   private createDecoder()
  eval_i   protected createDefaultDecoderFactory()
  eval_v   private initialize()
  eval_y   public decodeContinuous(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeCallback)
  eval_z   private stopDecoderThread()
  m        private startDecoderThread()
  m        static access$100(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeView)
  q        public pause()
  s        public decodeSingle(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeCallback)
  t        public stopDecoding()
  z        protected previewStarted()
  z        public setDecoderFactory(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderFactory)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeView$1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__c$1)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeView$DecodeMode    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__c$j)
===============================================================================
  valueOf  public static valueOf(java.lang.String)
  values   public static values()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeView$ParseException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_to)
===============================================================================
  c        private initialize(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
  d        public getCameraSettings()
  e        public getFramingRect()
  eval_h   public getPreviewFramingRect()
  eval_k   static access$400(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview)
  eval_l   private getDisplayRotation()
  eval_o   static access$100()
  eval_u   public getCameraInstance()
  eval_v   private initCamera()
  eval_z   private calculateFrames()
  f        public setTorch(boolean)
  f        private previewSized(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Size)
  g        private startCameraPreview(android.view.SurfaceHolder)
  h        protected calculateFramingRect(android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect)
  h        static access$600(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview)
  j        private containerSized(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Size)
  k        private startPreviewIfReady()
  l        protected isActive()
  l        static access$500(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview)
  o        private setupSurfaceView()
  p        static access$700(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview)
  p        public addStateListener(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$StateListener)
  q        public pause()
  r        private rotationChanged()
  s        public isPreviewActive()
  s        static access$002(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview,com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Size)
  v        public resume()
  v        public setCameraSettings(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraSettings)
  w        static access$300(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview,com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Size)
  y        static access$200(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview)
  z        protected previewStarted()
  onLayout protected onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_to$1)
===============================================================================
  surfaceChanged   public surfaceChanged(android.view.SurfaceHolder,int,int,int)
  surfaceCreated   public surfaceCreated(android.view.SurfaceHolder)
  surfaceDestroyed public surfaceDestroyed(android.view.SurfaceHolder)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$2   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_to$2)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$3   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_to$3)
===============================================================================
  z    public onRotationChanged(int)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$3$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_to$3$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$3$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$4   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_to$4)
===============================================================================
  e    public previewStopped()
  g    public previewSized()
  h    public previewStarted()
  j    public cameraError(java.lang.Exception)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_js)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview$StateListener       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_to$h)
===============================================================================
  e    public abstract previewStopped()
  g    public abstract previewSized()
  h    public abstract previewStarted()
  j    public abstract cameraError(java.lang.Exception)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureActivity   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_pv)
===============================================================================
  onCreate             protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onDestroy            protected onDestroy()
  onKeyDown            public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
  onPause              protected onPause()
  onResume             protected onResume()
  onSaveInstanceState  protected onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureActivity$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_os)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ef)
===============================================================================
  a        protected returnResult(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeResult)
  e        protected lockOrientation()
  eval_m   public onDestroy()
  eval_q   private finish()
  eval_r   static access$200(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager)
  g        static access$300()
  h        public decode()
  k        protected displayFrameworkBugMessageAndExit()
  k        public static resultIntent(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeResult)
  n        public initializeFromIntent(android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
  o        static access$100(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager)
  s        public onResume()
  s        static access$400(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager)
  t        static access$000(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager)
  x        public onPause()
  y        public onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$1  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ef$1)
===============================================================================
  c    public possibleResultPoints(java.util.List)
  p    public barcodeResult(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeResult)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$1$1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ef$1$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$1$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_n2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$2  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ef$2)
===============================================================================
  e    public previewStopped()
  g    public previewSized()
  h    public previewStarted()
  j    public cameraError(java.lang.Exception)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$3  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ef$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$4  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ef$4)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$5  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ef$5)
===============================================================================
  onCancel public onCancel(android.content.DialogInterface)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CaptureManager$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_md)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CompoundBarcodeView       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nh)
===============================================================================
  a            public setTorchOn()
  c            public getViewFinder()
  eval__       private initialize()
  f            public setTorchListener(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CompoundBarcodeView$TorchListener)
  f            public setStatusText(java.lang.String)
  j            public decodeContinuous(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeCallback)
  m            public setTorchOff()
  n            public getStatusView()
  p            public initializeFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
  q            private initialize(android.util.AttributeSet)
  r            public pause()
  s            public decodeSingle(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeCallback)
  t            static access$000(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CompoundBarcodeView)
  x            public resume()
  y            public getBarcodeView()
  onKeyDown    public onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CompoundBarcodeView$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CompoundBarcodeView$TorchListener (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nh$l)
===============================================================================
  h    public abstract onTorchOn()
  l    public abstract onTorchOff()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CompoundBarcodeView$WrappedCallback       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nh$z)
===============================================================================
  c    public possibleResultPoints(java.util.List)
  p    public barcodeResult(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.BarcodeResult)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Decoder   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xh)
===============================================================================
  e                        protected toBitmap(com.google.zxing.LuminanceSource)
  eval_b                   public getPossibleResultPoints()
  n                        protected getReader()
  q                        protected decode(com.google.zxing.BinaryBitmap)
  t                        public decode(com.google.zxing.LuminanceSource)
  foundPossibleResultPoint public foundPossibleResultPoint(com.google.zxing.ResultPoint)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Decoder$IOException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gr)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderFactory    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_fc)
===============================================================================
  j    public abstract createDecoder(java.util.Map)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderFactory$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderResultPointCallback        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vq)
===============================================================================
  a                        public getDecoder()
  e                        public setDecoder(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Decoder)
  foundPossibleResultPoint public foundPossibleResultPoint(com.google.zxing.ResultPoint)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderResultPointCallback$ParseException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ym)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderThread     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__1)
===============================================================================
  a        static access$300(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderThread)
  b        static access$000(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderThread,com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.SourceData)
  d        public getCropRect()
  eval_s   public start()
  f        private decode(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.SourceData)
  g        public setCropRect(android.graphics.Rect)
  i        static access$200(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderThread)
  k        protected createSource(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.SourceData)
  q        public setDecoder(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Decoder)
  u        static access$100(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderThread)
  w        public stop()
  y        private requestNextPreview()
  z        public getDecoder()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderThread$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__1$1)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderThread$2   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__1$2)
===============================================================================
  g    public onPreview(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.SourceData)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DecoderThread$Exception   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_x3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DefaultDecoderFactory     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_lc)
===============================================================================
  j    public createDecoder(java.util.Map)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.DefaultDecoderFactory$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wy)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationCallback  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mi)
===============================================================================
  z    public abstract onRotationChanged(int)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationCallback$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationListener  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xj)
===============================================================================
  o    static access$200(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationListener)
  s    static access$202(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationListener,int)
  t    public listen(android.content.Context,com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationCallback)
  t    static access$000(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationListener)
  w    static access$100(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationListener)
  x    public stop()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationListener$1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xj$1)
===============================================================================
  onOrientationChanged public onOrientationChanged(int)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.RotationListener$ParseException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__u)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Size      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yl)
===============================================================================
  a            public fitsIn(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Size)
  i            public rotate()
  j            public scale(int,int)
  p            public compareTo(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Size)
  compareTo    public volatile compareTo(java.lang.Object)
  equals       public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode     public hashCode()
  toString     public toString()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Size$NullPointerException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ai)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.SourceData        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w2)
===============================================================================
  a        private getBitmap(android.graphics.Rect,int)
  d        public getImageFormat()
  eval_e   public static rotate180(byte[],int,int)
  eval_g   public getBitmap()
  eval_k   public static rotateCCW(byte[],int,int)
  j        public getData()
  l        public getCropRect()
  l        public setCropRect(android.graphics.Rect)
  m        public getBitmap(int)
  p        public static rotateCameraPreview(int,byte[],int,int)
  q        public static rotateCW(byte[],int,int)
  r        public getDataWidth()
  v        public getDataHeight()
  w        public isRotated()
  x        public createSource()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.SourceData$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_y7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Util      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_eo)
===============================================================================
  q    public static validateMainThread()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Util$NullPointerException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rj)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.ViewfinderView    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vd)
===============================================================================
  f        public addPossibleResultPoint(com.google.zxing.ResultPoint)
  n        public drawViewfinder()
  r        public setCameraPreview(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.CameraPreview)
  z        public drawResultBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
  onDraw   public onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.ViewfinderView$1  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vd$1)
===============================================================================
  e    public previewStopped()
  g    public previewSized()
  h    public previewStarted()
  j    public cameraError(java.lang.Exception)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.ViewfinderView$NullPointerException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_d5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_np)
===============================================================================
  c        static access$100(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager)
  d        static access$400(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager)
  eval_z   public start()
  f        private synchronized autoFocusAgainLater()
  i        private focus()
  i        static access$202(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager,boolean)
  o        public stop()
  p        static access$300(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager)
  z        private cancelOutstandingTask()
  z        static access$000(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_np$1)
===============================================================================
  handleMessage    public handleMessage(android.os.Message)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager$2 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_np$2)
===============================================================================
  onAutoFocus  public onAutoFocus(boolean,android.hardware.Camera)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager$2$1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_np$2$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager$2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_my)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.AutoFocusManager$Exception (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_s4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ip)
===============================================================================
  a        public close()
  b        static access$200(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance,java.lang.Exception)
  eval_b   public setReadyHandler(android.os.Handler)
  eval_c   private validateOpen()
  eval_s   static access$300(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance)
  eval_x   public isOpen()
  f        public setSurfaceHolder(android.view.SurfaceHolder)
  f        private notifyError(java.lang.Exception)
  i        static access$000(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance)
  j        public open()
  k        public getCameraSettings()
  l        public getCameraRotation()
  m        public startPreview()
  n        public getDisplayConfiguration()
  p        static access$100()
  q        public setDisplayConfiguration(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.DisplayConfiguration)
  s        static access$400(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance)
  s        public setCameraSettings(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraSettings)
  s        public requestPreview(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.PreviewCallback)
  u        public configureCamera()
  u        public setTorch(boolean)
  v        static access$500(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance)
  w        private getPreviewSize()
  x        static access$600(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ip$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$2   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ip$2)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$3   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ip$3)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$4   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ip$4)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$5   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ip$5)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$6   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ip$6)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraInstance$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ug)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraManager      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ec)
===============================================================================
  b        public isCameraRotated()
  d        public getNaturalPreviewSize()
  e        private setDesiredParameters(boolean)
  eval_g   private setParameters()
  eval_n   public getCameraSettings()
  eval_p   public isOpen()
  eval_p   public setDisplayConfiguration(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.DisplayConfiguration)
  eval_q   public requestPreviewFrame(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.PreviewCallback)
  f        public stopPreview()
  h        public setCameraSettings(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraSettings)
  i        static access$000()
  i        public setPreviewDisplay(android.view.SurfaceHolder)
  j        public getPreviewSize()
  k        public isTorchOn()
  l        public open()
  m        public startPreview()
  m        private setCameraDisplayOrientation(int)
  n        private calculateDisplayRotation()
  p        public getDisplayConfiguration()
  r        public close()
  s        private getDefaultCameraParameters()
  s        private static getPreviewSizes(android.hardware.Camera$Parameters)
  u        public configure()
  z        public getCameraRotation()
  z        public setTorch(boolean)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraManager$ArrayOutOfBoundsException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraManager$CameraPreviewCallback        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ec$j)
===============================================================================
  b                public setCallback(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.PreviewCallback)
  s                public setResolution(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Size)
  onPreviewFrame   public onPreviewFrame(byte[],android.hardware.Camera)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraSettings     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_iq)
===============================================================================
  c        public isMeteringEnabled()
  d        public isAutoFocusEnabled()
  eval__   public setAutoFocusEnabled(boolean)
  eval_a   public setContinuousFocusEnabled(boolean)
  eval_e   public isContinuousFocusEnabled()
  eval_q   public setAutoTorchEnabled(boolean)
  f        public isExposureEnabled()
  h        public setMeteringEnabled(boolean)
  j        public isAutoTorchEnabled()
  k        public isScanInverted()
  o        public setExposureEnabled(boolean)
  p        public setRequestedCameraId(int)
  q        public setBarcodeSceneModeEnabled(boolean)
  s        public isBarcodeSceneModeEnabled()
  t        public getRequestedCameraId()
  z        public setScanInverted(boolean)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraSettings$ParseException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraThread       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ax)
===============================================================================
  b        protected decrementInstances()
  eval_y   protected incrementAndEnqueue(java.lang.Runnable)
  o        protected enqueue(java.lang.Runnable)
  s        private quit()
  u        public static getInstance()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.CameraThread$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_m5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.DisplayConfiguration       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ur)
===============================================================================
  d        public static scale(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Size,com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Size)
  eval_x   public getRotation()
  g        public getBestPreviewSize(java.util.List,boolean)
  j        public scalePreview(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Size)
  m        public getDesiredPreviewSize(boolean)
  s        public getViewfinderSize()

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.DisplayConfiguration$1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ur$1)
===============================================================================
  o        public compare(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Size,com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.Size)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.DisplayConfiguration$IOException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.PreviewCallback    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_q2)
===============================================================================
  g    public abstract onPreview(com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.SourceData)

com.journeyapps.barcodescanner.camera.PreviewCallback$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.BuildConfig        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w3)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.BuildConfig$Exception      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_f5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.MainActivity
===============================================================================
  a                        public switchToFragment(android.app.Fragment,boolean)
  eval_a                   public goBack()
  l                        public selectItem(int,boolean)
  onBackPressed            public onBackPressed()
  onConfigurationChanged   public onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onPostCreate             protected onPostCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onResume                 protected onResume()
  setTitle                 public setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.MainActivity$1
===============================================================================
  onCancel public onCancel(android.content.DialogInterface)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.MainActivity$2
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.MainActivity$3
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.MainActivity$DrawerItemClickListener       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.MainActivity$v)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.MainActivity$NullPointerException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.MyCaptureActivity  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sp)
===============================================================================
  onCreate protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.MyCaptureActivity$NullPointerException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_nz)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$Exception        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_no)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$anim     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$array    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$n)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$attr     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$bool     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$color    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$dimen    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$drawable (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$eval_m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$id       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$integer  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$eval_x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$layout   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$eval_f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$menu     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$mipmap   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$raw      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$string   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$style    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$a)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$styleable        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.R$xml      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_i5$eval_j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.AboutFragment     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yt)
===============================================================================
  onCreateView public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.AboutFragment$IOException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k6)
===============================================================================
  k                    public refresh()
  q                    static access$000(com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment,int)
  r                    public loadPreviousScanned(android.view.View,android.widget.LinearLayout)
  u                    public createViews()
  z                    private remove(int)
  onCreate             public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu  public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu,android.view.MenuInflater)
  onCreateView         public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment$1 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k6$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment$2 (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k6$2)
===============================================================================
  onLongClick  public onLongClick(android.view.View)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment$2$1       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k6$2$1)
===============================================================================
  onCancel public onCancel(android.content.DialogInterface)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment$2$2       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k6$2$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment$2$3       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k6$2$3)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment$2$ParseException  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment$HistoryViewElement        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_k6$c)
===============================================================================
  h        public setArgs(int,java.lang.String,boolean,android.view.View)
  p        public setView(android.view.View)
  setId    public setId(int)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.HistoryFragment$NullPointerException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_wf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.IntroFragment     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ml)
===============================================================================
  onActivityCreated    public onActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateView         public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.IntroFragment$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ml$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.IntroFragment$IOException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jl)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.ScanFragment      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p2)
===============================================================================
  i                    public scanFromFragment()
  q                    private displayToast()
  onActivityCreated    public onActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  onActivityResult     public onActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
  onCreateView         public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.ScanFragment$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p2$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.ScanFragment$2    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_p2$2)
===============================================================================
  onCheckedChanged public onCheckedChanged(android.widget.CompoundButton,boolean)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.ScanFragment$ParseException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_uv)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.SettingsFragment  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jt)
===============================================================================
  onActivityCreated    public onActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreate             public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.SettingsFragment$1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_jt$1)
===============================================================================
  onPreferenceClick    public onPreferenceClick(android.preference.Preference)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.GeneralFragments.SettingsFragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_u4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ContactFragment    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__h)
===============================================================================
  h            private createVCard()
  m            static access$000(com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ContactFragment)
  onCreateView public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ContactFragment$1  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__h$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ContactFragment$1$1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval__h$1$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ContactFragment$1$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_oo)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ContactFragment$Exception  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_b7)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.EmailFragment      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yn)
===============================================================================
  onCreateView public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.EmailFragment$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yn$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.EmailFragment$1$1  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yn$1$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.EmailFragment$1$Exception  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vu)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.EmailFragment$ParseException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_o_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ProductFragment    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ud)
===============================================================================
  onCreateView public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ProductFragment$1  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ud$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ProductFragment$2  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ud$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ProductFragment$2$1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ud$2$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ProductFragment$2$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_vt)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ProductFragment$Exception  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ek)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ResultFragment     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ki)
===============================================================================
  e    protected setResult(android.view.View)
  f    protected createBitmap()
  s    protected displayToast()
  s    protected saveScanned(boolean)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ResultFragment$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ki$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.ResultFragment$IOException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SendEmailFragment  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_da)
===============================================================================
  onCreateView public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SendEmailFragment$1        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_da$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SendEmailFragment$1$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_da$1$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SendEmailFragment$1$IOException    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SendEmailFragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_hd)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SmsFragment        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qe)
===============================================================================
  onCreateView public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SmsFragment$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qe$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SmsFragment$1$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_qe$1$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SmsFragment$1$ParseException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_e9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.SmsFragment$NullPointerException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TelFragment        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zh)
===============================================================================
  onCreateView public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TelFragment$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zh$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TelFragment$1$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_zh$1$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TelFragment$1$ParseException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_w6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TelFragment$NullPointerException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_v_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TextFragment       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gk)
===============================================================================
  onCreateView public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TextFragment$1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gk$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TextFragment$1$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_gk$1$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TextFragment$1$IOException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ro)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.TextFragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_eh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.UrlFragment        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_az)
===============================================================================
  a            static access$002(boolean)
  eval_i       static access$000()
  onCreateView public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.UrlFragment$1      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_az$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.UrlFragment$2      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_az$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.UrlFragment$2$1    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_az$2$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.UrlFragment$2$ParseException       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_em)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.UrlFragment$NullPointerException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.WifiFragment       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h_)
===============================================================================
  onCreateView public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.WifiFragment$1     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h_$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.WifiFragment$1$1   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_h_$1$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.WifiFragment$1$IOException (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sc)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.ResultFragments.WifiFragment$ArrayOutOfBoundsException     (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_sg)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.Utility.FragmentGenerator  (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_rf)
===============================================================================
  eval_s   public static getFragment(com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentResult)
  u        public static getFragmentFromContent(java.lang.String)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.Utility.FragmentGenerator$IOException      (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_xf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.Utility.History    (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_mh)
===============================================================================
  f    public static saveScan(java.lang.String,boolean,android.content.Context)
  j    public static saveHistory(android.content.Context,java.util.ArrayList,boolean)
  o    public static getHistory(android.content.Context)
  q    public static printHistory(android.content.Context)

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.Utility.History$IOException        (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_j4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.Utility.HistoryEntry       (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_ti)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.Utility.HistoryEntry$IOException   (com.secuso.privacyFriendlyCodeScanner.eval_yh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of Fields : 6008
  Renamed to eval_w : 126 (2.1%)
  Renamed to eval_c : 117 (1.9%)
  Renamed to eval_o : 117 (1.9%)
  Renamed to eval_a : 116 (1.9%)
  Renamed to eval_d : 116 (1.9%)
  Renamed to eval_g : 116 (1.9%)
  Renamed to eval_r : 116 (1.9%)
  Renamed to eval_u : 116 (1.9%)
  Renamed to eval_z : 116 (1.9%)
  Renamed to eval_p : 114 (1.9%)

Number of Methods : 8963
  Renamed to p : 297 (3.3%)
  Renamed to k : 276 (3.1%)
  Renamed to o : 271 (3.0%)
  Renamed to g : 270 (3.0%)
  Renamed to j : 267 (3.0%)
  Renamed to b : 265 (3.0%)
  Renamed to r : 262 (2.9%)
  Renamed to y : 261 (2.9%)
  Renamed to h : 260 (2.9%)
  Renamed to l : 258 (2.9%)

