New Name                         Original Name
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.d    public abstract interface android.content.pm.IPackageStatsObserver
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.d$d  public abstract android.content.pm.IPackageStatsObserver$Stub
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.d$d$c        android.content.pm.IPackageStatsObserver$Stub$Proxy
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval__       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailActivity$ParseException
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_a       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Adapter$ParseException
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_b       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_c       public final com.majeur.applicationsinfo.BuildConfig
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_e       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment$Adapter$NullPointerException
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_f       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.ViewManifestActivity
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_g       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment$ParseException
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_h       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.RetainedFragment
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i       public final com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_j       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailOverflowMenu
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_k       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainCallbacks$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_l       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$Exception
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_m       public abstract interface com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainCallbacks
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_n       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Exception
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_o       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment$1$Exception
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_p       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.BuildConfig$Exception
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_q       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailActivity$1
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_r       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainActivity$NullPointerException
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_s       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.ViewManifestActivity$IOException
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_t       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailActivity
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_u       public android.content.pm.IPackageStatsObserver$Stub$NullPointerException
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_v       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Async$NullPointerException
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_w       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.RetainedFragment$Exception
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_x       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailOverflowMenu$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_y       public android.content.pm.IPackageStatsObserver$NullPointerException
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_z       public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.BuildConfig$1
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_ak      public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.utils.Tuple$Exception
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_au      public com.majeur.xmlapkparser.AXmlResourceParser
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_di      public com.majeur.xmlapkparser.StringBlock
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_dp      public com.majeur.xmlapkparser.IntReader$IOException
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_hi      public com.majeur.xmlapkparser.StringBlock$NullPointerException
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_it      public com.majeur.xmlapkparser.AXMLPrinter$NullPointerException
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_jv      public final com.majeur.xmlapkparser.IntReader
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_kd      com.majeur.xmlapkparser.ChunkUtil
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_ld      public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.utils.Tuple
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_pq      public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.utils.Utils
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_qm      public com.majeur.applicationsinfo.utils.Utils$Exception
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_su      public com.majeur.xmlapkparser.AXmlResourceParser$ParseException
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_y2      public com.majeur.xmlapkparser.ChunkUtil$IOException
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_b$1     com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment$1
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_b$_     com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment$Adapter
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_f$1     com.majeur.applicationsinfo.ViewManifestActivity$1
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_f$a     final com.majeur.applicationsinfo.ViewManifestActivity$MyWebChromeClient
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_f$i     com.majeur.applicationsinfo.ViewManifestActivity$AsyncManifestLoader
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$_     public final com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$string
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$b     public final com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$id
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$d     public final com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$menu
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$g     public final com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$drawable
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$i     public final com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$layout
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$q     public final com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$array
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$r     public final com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$dimen
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$s     public final com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$attr
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$w     public final com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$color
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_au$k    final com.majeur.xmlapkparser.AXmlResourceParser$NamespaceStack
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_b$1$1   com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment$1$1
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_b$_$1   com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment$Adapter$1
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_b$_$g   com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment$Adapter$ViewHolder
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$eval_n        public final com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$style
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$j   com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Adapter
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$m   com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$SpinnerAdapter
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$p   com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Async
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$j$u com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Adapter$ViewHolder
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$j$w com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Adapter$IconAsyncTask
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$p$1 com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Async$1
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$p$k com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Async$Progress
com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$eval_w      com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Item
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

android.content.pm.IPackageStatsObserver (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.d)
===============================================================================
  p    public abstract onGetStatsCompleted(android.content.pm.PackageStats,boolean)

android.content.pm.IPackageStatsObserver$NullPointerException    (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_y)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.content.pm.IPackageStatsObserver$Stub    (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.d$d)
===============================================================================
  b            public static asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
  p            public abstract onGetStatsCompleted(android.content.pm.PackageStats,boolean)
  asBinder     public asBinder()
  onTransact   public onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)

android.content.pm.IPackageStatsObserver$Stub$NullPointerException       (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_u)
===============================================================================
  No methods

android.content.pm.IPackageStatsObserver$Stub$Proxy      (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.d$d$c)
===============================================================================
  o        public getInterfaceDescriptor()
  p        public onGetStatsCompleted(android.content.pm.PackageStats,boolean)
  asBinder public asBinder()

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.BuildConfig  (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.BuildConfig$1        (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_z)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.BuildConfig$Exception        (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailActivity       (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_t)
===============================================================================
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailActivity$1     (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailActivity$ParseException        (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval__)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment       (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_b)
===============================================================================
  a                        private getHeaderView()
  a                        static access$102(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment,android.content.pm.PackageStats)
  b                        static access$500(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment)
  f                        static access$300(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment)
  f                        private getPackageInfo(java.lang.String)
  i                        static access$700(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment)
  i                        private getReadableSize(long)
  m                        public getTime(long)
  o                        static access$400(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment)
  r                        private getNetStats(int)
  r                        public static getInstance(java.lang.String)
  s                        private getPackageSizeInfo(android.view.View)
  t                        static access$200(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment,android.view.View)
  v                        static access$1000(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment)
  x                        static access$600(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment)
  y                        static access$800(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment)
  z                        private onPackageStatsLoaded(android.view.View)
  z                        static access$900(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment)
  onCreate                 public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateView             public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  onDetach                 public onDetach()
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment$1     (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_b$1)
===============================================================================
  p    public onGetStatsCompleted(android.content.pm.PackageStats,boolean)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment$1$1   (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_b$1$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment$1$Exception   (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment$Adapter       (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_b$_)
===============================================================================
  a                    private getSignatureView(android.view.View,int)
  eval_c               private getReceiverView(android.view.View,int)
  eval_e               private getPermissionsView(android.view.View,int)
  f                    private getNeededArray(int)
  g                    private getUsesPermissionsView(android.view.View,int)
  j                    private checkIfConvertViewMatch(android.view.View,int)
  m                    private getActivityView(android.view.View,int)
  u                    private getFeaturesView(android.view.View,int)
  w                    private getConfigurationView(android.view.View,int)
  x                    private getServicesView(android.view.View,int)
  z                    private getProviderView(android.view.View,int)
  getChild             public getChild(int,int)
  getChildId           public getChildId(int,int)
  getChildView         public getChildView(int,int,boolean,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  getChildrenCount     public getChildrenCount(int)
  getGroup             public getGroup(int)
  getGroupCount        public getGroupCount()
  getGroupId           public getGroupId(int)
  getGroupView         public getGroupView(int,boolean,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  hasStableIds         public hasStableIds()
  isChildSelectable    public isChildSelectable(int,int)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment$Adapter$1     (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_b$_$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.view.View)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment$Adapter$NullPointerException  (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_e)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment$Adapter$ViewHolder    (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_b$_$g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailFragment$ParseException        (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailOverflowMenu   (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_j)
===============================================================================
  m                public setView(android.view.View)
  r                public isSystemApp()
  onClick          public onClick(android.view.View)
  onMenuItemClick  public onMenuItemClick(android.view.MenuItem)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.DetailOverflowMenu$ArrayOutOfBoundsException (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainActivity
===============================================================================
  p                        public onItemSelected(java.lang.String)
  w                        private getIntentFilter()
  z                        private showAboutDialog()
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onStart                  protected onStart()
  onStop                   protected onStop()

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainActivity$1
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainActivity$NullPointerException    (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainCallbacks        (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_m)
===============================================================================
  p    public abstract onItemSelected(java.lang.String)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainCallbacks$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment
===============================================================================
  d                        static access$1200(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment,java.util.List)
  eval_g                   static access$300(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment)
  eval_h                   static access$1100(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment)
  eval_l                   static access$800(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment)
  f                        static access$1000(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment)
  h                        static access$200(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment)
  h                        static access$802(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment,int)
  k                        static access$400(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment)
  k                        public sortApplicationList(java.util.List,int)
  l                        public setSortBy(int,boolean)
  m                        static access$700(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment)
  n                        static access$000(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment)
  o                        static access$600(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment)
  q                        public loadList()
  q                        static access$100(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment)
  r                        static access$900(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment)
  u                        private checkFastScroll()
  v                        private onItemFinishedSizeProcess()
  x                        static access$500(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment)
  y                        private onTaskEnded(java.util.List)
  onAttach                 public onAttach(android.app.Activity)
  onCreate                 public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu,android.view.MenuInflater)
  onDetach                 public onDetach()
  onItemClick              public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onItemSelected           public onItemSelected(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)
  onNothingSelected        public onNothingSelected(android.widget.AdapterView)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onSaveInstanceState      public onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  onStart                  public onStart()
  onViewCreated            public onViewCreated(android.view.View,android.os.Bundle)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$1
===============================================================================
  c        public compare(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Item,com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Item)
  compare  public volatile compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$2
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Adapter     (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$j)
===============================================================================
  getCount                 public getCount()
  getItem                  public getItem(int)
  getItemId                public getItemId(int)
  getPositionForSection    public getPositionForSection(int)
  getSectionForPosition    public getSectionForPosition(int)
  getSections              public getSections()
  getView                  public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Adapter$IconAsyncTask       (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$j$w)
===============================================================================
  i                protected transient doInBackground(java.lang.Void[])
  s                protected onPostExecute(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
  doInBackground   protected volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  onPostExecute    protected volatile onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
  onPreExecute     protected onPreExecute()

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Adapter$ParseException      (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_a)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Adapter$ViewHolder  (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$j$u)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Async       (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$p)
===============================================================================
  d                private getItemSize(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Item)
  f                protected onCancelled(java.util.List)
  t                protected transient doInBackground(java.lang.Void[])
  t                protected onPostExecute(java.util.List)
  w                protected transient onProgressUpdate(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Async$Progress[])
  doInBackground   protected volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  onCancelled      protected volatile onCancelled(java.lang.Object)
  onPostExecute    protected volatile onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
  onPreExecute     protected onPreExecute()
  onProgressUpdate protected volatile onProgressUpdate(java.lang.Object[])

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Async$1     (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$p$1)
===============================================================================
  p    public onGetStatsCompleted(android.content.pm.PackageStats,boolean)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Async$NullPointerException  (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Async$Progress      (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$p$k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Exception   (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_n)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$Item        (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$eval_w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$SpinnerAdapter      (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.MainListFragment$m)
===============================================================================
  getCount     public getCount()
  getItem      public getItem(int)
  getItemId    public getItemId(int)
  getView      public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)
  isEnabled    public isEnabled(int)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R    (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$Exception  (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_l)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$array      (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$attr       (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$color      (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$dimen      (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$drawable   (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$id (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$layout     (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$i)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$menu       (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$string     (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$_)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.R$style      (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_i$eval_n)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.RetainedFragment     (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_h)
===============================================================================
  e        public setList(java.util.List)
  y        public getList()
  onCreate public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.RetainedFragment$Exception   (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_w)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.ViewManifestActivity (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_f)
===============================================================================
  i                        private displayContent()
  j                        static access$200(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.ViewManifestActivity)
  k                        static access$300(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.ViewManifestActivity)
  m                        private showProgressBar(boolean)
  o                        static access$100(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.ViewManifestActivity,boolean)
  p                        private handleError()
  r                        static access$400(com.majeur.applicationsinfo.ViewManifestActivity)
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onDestroy                protected onDestroy()
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.ViewManifestActivity$1       (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_f$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.ViewManifestActivity$AsyncManifestLoader     (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_f$i)
===============================================================================
  d                protected onPostExecute(java.lang.Boolean)
  v                private getProperXml(java.lang.String)
  v                protected transient doInBackground(java.lang.String[])
  doInBackground   protected volatile doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
  onPostExecute    protected volatile onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
  onPreExecute     protected onPreExecute()

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.ViewManifestActivity$IOException     (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.ViewManifestActivity$MyWebChromeClient       (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_f$a)
===============================================================================
  onProgressChanged    public onProgressChanged(android.webkit.WebView,int)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.utils.Tuple  (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_ld)
===============================================================================
  eval_u   public getSecond()
  f        public getFirst()
  j        public setFirst(java.lang.Object)
  y        public setSecond(java.lang.Object)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.utils.Tuple$Exception        (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_ak)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.utils.Utils  (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_pq)
===============================================================================
  b        public static isApi20()
  b        public static dpToPx(android.content.Context,int)
  b        public static getLaunchMode(int)
  b        public static checkStringBuilderEnd(java.lang.StringBuilder)
  d        public static getArrayLengthSafely(java.lang.Object[])
  eval_c   public static getInputFeaturesString(int)
  g        public static getSoftInputString(int)
  n        public static getOrientationString(int)
  o        public static getServiceFlagsString(int)
  u        public static getFileContent(java.io.File)
  y        public static getProtectionLevelString(int)
  z        public static compareBooleans(boolean,boolean)
  z        public static getFeatureFlagsString(int)

com.majeur.applicationsinfo.utils.Utils$Exception        (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_qm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.xmlapkparser.AXMLPrinter
===============================================================================
  i    private static getAttributeValue(com.majeur.xmlapkparser.AXmlResourceParser,int)
  k    private static transient log(boolean,java.lang.StringBuilder,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object[])
  p    private static getPackage(int)
  q    private static getNamespacePrefix(java.lang.String)
  r    public static getManifestXMLFromAPK(java.lang.String)
  w    private static transient log(java.lang.StringBuilder,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object[])
  y    public static complexToFloat(int)
  main public static main(java.lang.String[])

com.majeur.xmlapkparser.AXMLPrinter$NullPointerException (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_it)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.xmlapkparser.AXmlResourceParser       (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_au)
===============================================================================
  f                            private final resetEventInfo()
  h                            private final getAttributeOffset(int)
  k                            public getAttributeValueData(int)
  n                            public open(java.io.InputStream)
  o                            private final doNext()
  o                            private final findAttribute(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  q                            public getAttributeValueType(int)
  z                            final getStrings()
  close                        public close()
  defineEntityReplacementText  public defineEntityReplacementText(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  getAttributeBooleanValue     public getAttributeBooleanValue(int,boolean)
  getAttributeBooleanValue     public getAttributeBooleanValue(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean)
  getAttributeCount            public getAttributeCount()
  getAttributeFloatValue       public getAttributeFloatValue(int,float)
  getAttributeFloatValue       public getAttributeFloatValue(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,float)
  getAttributeIntValue         public getAttributeIntValue(int,int)
  getAttributeIntValue         public getAttributeIntValue(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
  getAttributeListValue        public getAttributeListValue(int,java.lang.String[],int)
  getAttributeListValue        public getAttributeListValue(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],int)
  getAttributeName             public getAttributeName(int)
  getAttributeNameResource     public getAttributeNameResource(int)
  getAttributeNamespace        public getAttributeNamespace(int)
  getAttributePrefix           public getAttributePrefix(int)
  getAttributeResourceValue    public getAttributeResourceValue(int,int)
  getAttributeResourceValue    public getAttributeResourceValue(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
  getAttributeType             public getAttributeType(int)
  getAttributeUnsignedIntValue public getAttributeUnsignedIntValue(int,int)
  getAttributeUnsignedIntValue public getAttributeUnsignedIntValue(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
  getAttributeValue            public getAttributeValue(int)
  getAttributeValue            public getAttributeValue(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  getClassAttribute            public getClassAttribute()
  getColumnNumber              public getColumnNumber()
  getDepth                     public getDepth()
  getEventType                 public getEventType()
  getFeature                   public getFeature(java.lang.String)
  getIdAttribute               public getIdAttribute()
  getIdAttributeResourceValue  public getIdAttributeResourceValue(int)
  getInputEncoding             public getInputEncoding()
  getLineNumber                public getLineNumber()
  getName                      public getName()
  getNamespace                 public getNamespace()
  getNamespace                 public getNamespace(java.lang.String)
  getNamespaceCount            public getNamespaceCount(int)
  getNamespacePrefix           public getNamespacePrefix(int)
  getNamespaceUri              public getNamespaceUri(int)
  getPositionDescription       public getPositionDescription()
  getPrefix                    public getPrefix()
  getProperty                  public getProperty(java.lang.String)
  getStyleAttribute            public getStyleAttribute()
  getText                      public getText()
  getTextCharacters            public getTextCharacters(int[])
  isAttributeDefault           public isAttributeDefault(int)
  isEmptyElementTag            public isEmptyElementTag()
  isWhitespace                 public isWhitespace()
  next                         public next()
  nextTag                      public nextTag()
  nextText                     public nextText()
  nextToken                    public nextToken()
  require                      public require(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
  setFeature                   public setFeature(java.lang.String,boolean)
  setInput                     public setInput(java.io.InputStream,java.lang.String)
  setInput                     public setInput(java.io.Reader)
  setProperty                  public setProperty(java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)

com.majeur.xmlapkparser.AXmlResourceParser$NamespaceStack        (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_au$k)
===============================================================================
  a        public final findUri(int)
  b        public final getAccumulatedCount(int)
  eval_u   public final getPrefix(int)
  h        public final getTotalCount()
  h        public final pop(int,int)
  j        private ensureDataCapacity(int)
  m        public final getDepth()
  n        public final reset()
  p        public final findPrefix(int)
  q        public final getCurrentCount()
  r        public final decreaseDepth()
  r        public final getUri(int)
  u        public final pop()
  v        private final find(int,boolean)
  v        public final push(int,int)
  x        public final increaseDepth()
  z        private final get(int,boolean)

com.majeur.xmlapkparser.AXmlResourceParser$ParseException        (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_su)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.xmlapkparser.ChunkUtil        (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_kd)
===============================================================================
  z    public static final readCheckType(com.majeur.xmlapkparser.IntReader,int)

com.majeur.xmlapkparser.ChunkUtil$IOException    (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_y2)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.xmlapkparser.IntReader        (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_jv)
===============================================================================
  a        public final readInt()
  a        public final readIntArray(int[],int,int)
  c        public final readByte()
  e        public final isBigEndian()
  e        public final readInt(int)
  eval_n   public final readShort()
  eval_q   public final readIntArray(int)
  g        public final available()
  j        public final close()
  o        public final readByteArray(int)
  s        public final getStream()
  u        public final skip(int)
  v        public final reset(java.io.InputStream,boolean)
  w        public final skipInt()
  y        public final setBigEndian(boolean)
  z        public final getPosition()

com.majeur.xmlapkparser.IntReader$IOException    (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_dp)
===============================================================================
  No methods

com.majeur.xmlapkparser.StringBlock      (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_di)
===============================================================================
  b    public getString(int)
  k    public find(java.lang.String)
  l    private getStyle(int)
  o    private static final getShort(int[],int)
  p    public static read(com.majeur.xmlapkparser.IntReader)
  w    public getHTML(int)
  y    public getCount()
  z    public get(int)

com.majeur.xmlapkparser.StringBlock$NullPointerException (com.majeur.applicationsinfo.eval_hi)
===============================================================================
  No methods

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of Fields : 298
  Renamed to eval_c :  10 (3.4%)
  Renamed to eval_e :   9 (3.0%)
  Renamed to eval_g :   9 (3.0%)
  Renamed to eval_i :   9 (3.0%)
  Renamed to eval_r :   9 (3.0%)
  Renamed to eval_t :   9 (3.0%)
  Renamed to eval_x :   9 (3.0%)
  Renamed to eval_a :   8 (2.7%)
  Renamed to eval_k :   8 (2.7%)
  Renamed to eval_m :   8 (2.7%)

Number of Methods : 282
  Renamed to p :  11 (3.9%)
  Renamed to z :  11 (3.9%)
  Renamed to o :   9 (3.2%)
  Renamed to b :   8 (2.8%)
  Renamed to r :   8 (2.8%)
  Renamed to y :   8 (2.8%)
  Renamed to f :   7 (2.5%)
  Renamed to v :   7 (2.5%)
  Renamed to a :   6 (2.1%)
  Renamed to k :   6 (2.1%)

