New Name                         Original Name
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.c        public final org.hiittimer.Constants
org.hiittimer.MainActivity$u     public org.hiittimer.MainActivity$PlaceholderFragment
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval__   public final org.hiittimer.adapters.RoundBeanArrayAdapter
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_a   public org.hiittimer.adapters.RoundBeanArrayAdapter$Exception
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_b   public org.hiittimer.MainActivity$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_d   public org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment$NullPointerException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_e   public org.hiittimer.Constants$IOException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_f   public final org.hiittimer.adapters.RoundArrayAdapter
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_g   public final org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_h   public org.hiittimer.HIITTimerApplication$Exception
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_i   public org.hiittimer.PreferencesActivity
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_j   public org.hiittimer.adapters.TrainingPlanArrayAdapter$ParseException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_k   public org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans$PlaceholderFragment$ParseException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_l   public final org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_m   public org.hiittimer.Constants$1
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_n   public org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining$Exception
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_o   public final org.hiittimer.adapters.TrainingPlanArrayAdapter
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_p   public org.hiittimer.PreferencesActivity$IOException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_q   public org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$5
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_r   public org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining$PlaceholderFragment$Exception
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_s   public org.hiittimer.adapters.RoundArrayAdapter$NullPointerException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_t   public org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment$NullPointerException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_u   public final org.hiittimer.HIITTimerApplication
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_v   public org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$NullPointerException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_w   public org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_x   public org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans$ParseException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y   public org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_z   public org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$NullPointerException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval__6  public org.hiittimer.beans.RoundBean
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_ae  public org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlan
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_ax  public org.hiittimer.database.generated.DaoMaster$ParseException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_cr  public final org.hiittimer.beans.TrainingPlanBean
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_do  public org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$NullPointerException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_e4  public org.hiittimer.database.generated.DaoSession$IOException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_hx  public org.hiittimer.beans.TrainingPlanBeanUtils
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_ji  public org.hiittimer.beans.RoundBeanUtils$Exception
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_jm  public org.hiittimer.database.generated.RoundDao$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_k0  public org.hiittimer.services.CurrentRoundService$ParseException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_kk  public org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlan$NullPointerException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_ks  public final org.hiittimer.hiittimer.BuildConfig
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_lf  public final org.hiittimer.services.CurrentRoundService
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_mh  public org.hiittimer.database.generated.Round$IOException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_mn  public org.hiittimer.beans.TrainingPlanBean$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_n9  public org.hiittimer.hiittimer.BuildConfig$NullPointerException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op  public final org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_p6  public org.hiittimer.database.generated.Round
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_ps  public final org.hiittimer.enums.TrainingAction
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_q8  public org.hiittimer.services.CurrentTrainingService$NullPointerException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_r0  public org.hiittimer.beans.TrainingPlanBeanUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_ru  public org.hiittimer.database.generated.DaoSession
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_s6  public org.hiittimer.beans.RoundBean$Exception
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_up  public org.hiittimer.database.generated.DaoMaster
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_uv  public org.hiittimer.database.generated.RoundDao
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_vf  public org.hiittimer.enums.TrainingAction$Exception
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_wb  public org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlanDao$IOException
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y0  public final org.hiittimer.services.CurrentTrainingService
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_z6  public org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlanDao
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_zi  public org.hiittimer.beans.RoundBeanUtils
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval__$1 org.hiittimer.adapters.RoundBeanArrayAdapter$1
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval__$f org.hiittimer.adapters.RoundBeanArrayAdapter$ViewHolder
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_f$1 org.hiittimer.adapters.RoundArrayAdapter$1
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_f$k org.hiittimer.adapters.RoundArrayAdapter$ViewHolder
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_g$1 org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining$1
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_g$u public org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining$PlaceholderFragment
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_i$k public org.hiittimer.PreferencesActivity$PreferencesFragment
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_l$w public org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans$PlaceholderFragment
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_o$1 org.hiittimer.adapters.TrainingPlanArrayAdapter$1
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_o$x org.hiittimer.adapters.TrainingPlanArrayAdapter$ViewHolder
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_w$1 org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$1
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_w$2 org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$2
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_w$3 org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$3
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_w$p public org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y$1 org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$1
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y$2 org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$2
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y$3 org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$3
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y$4 org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$4
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y$c public org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval__6$1        final org.hiittimer.beans.RoundBean$1
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_cr$1        final org.hiittimer.beans.TrainingPlanBean$1
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$b        public final org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$array
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$f        public final org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$attr
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$g        public final org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$dimen
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$h        public final org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$integer
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$j        public final org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$menu
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$k        public final org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$layout
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$o        public final org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$raw
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$r        public final org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$drawable
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$v        public final org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$id
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_up$b        public org.hiittimer.database.generated.DaoMaster$DevOpenHelper
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_up$v        public abstract org.hiittimer.database.generated.DaoMaster$OpenHelper
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_uv$x        public org.hiittimer.database.generated.RoundDao$Properties
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y0$1        org.hiittimer.services.CurrentTrainingService$1
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y0$v        org.hiittimer.services.CurrentTrainingService$OnTickFinishedReceiver
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_z6$k        public org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlanDao$Properties
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_g$u$m       org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining$PlaceholderFragment$OnTickReceiver
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_l$w$1       org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans$PlaceholderFragment$1
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_l$w$2       org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans$PlaceholderFragment$2
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_l$w$3       org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans$PlaceholderFragment$3
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_l$w$4       org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans$PlaceholderFragment$4
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_l$w$5       org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans$PlaceholderFragment$5
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_w$p$1       org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment$1
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_w$p$2       org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment$2
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_w$p$3       org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment$3
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y$c$1       org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment$1
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y$c$2       org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment$2
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y$c$3       org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment$3
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$eval_b   public final org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$style
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$eval_n   public final org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$xml
org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$eval_p   public final org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$string
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

org.hiittimer.Constants  (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.c)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.Constants$1        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_m)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.Constants$IOException      (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_e)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan      (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y)
===============================================================================
  b                        private isTrainingPlanValid()
  b                        static access$200(org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan)
  c                        static access$100(org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan)
  eval_e                   private showQuitOrFixTrainingPlanAlertDialog()
  g                        static access$000(org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan)
  k                        static access$400(org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan)
  m                        static access$300(org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan,org.hiittimer.beans.RoundBean,boolean)
  p                        private updateTrainingPlan()
  q                        private getDaoSession()
  r                        private roundsAdapterUpdate()
  t                        private saveTrainingPlan()
  u                        private createAndShowRoundAlertDialog(org.hiittimer.beans.RoundBean,boolean)
  w                        private getTrainingPlanName()
  x                        private getGetReadyTimeInSecondsString()
  z                        public saveUpdateTrainingPlan(android.view.View)
  addNewRound              public addNewRound(android.view.View)
  onBackPressed            public onBackPressed()
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onSaveInstanceState      protected onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)

org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$1    (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$2    (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$3    (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y$3)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$4    (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y$4)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$5    (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_q)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$NullPointerException (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment  (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y$c)
===============================================================================
  m                        private isHelpDialogToBeShown()
  m                        private contextualMenuDeleteAction(org.hiittimer.beans.RoundBean)
  t                        private showHelpDialog()
  v                        private setupTrainingPlanData()
  w                        private setupRoundsList()
  onActivityCreated        public onActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  onContextItemSelected    public onContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onCreateContextMenu      public onCreateContextMenu(android.view.ContextMenu,android.view.View,android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  onCreateView             public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  onResume                 public onResume()

org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment$1        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y$c$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment$2        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y$c$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment$3        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y$c$3)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

org.hiittimer.CreateNewTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment$NullPointerException     (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_t)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining    (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_g)
===============================================================================
  d                        public getTrainingPlanId()
  f                        static access$600(org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining)
  f                        public setTrainingPlan(org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlan)
  j                        public getTrainingPlan()
  k                        public setTrainingPlanId(java.lang.Long)
  o                        private getDaoSession()
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onSaveInstanceState      protected onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
  terminateTraining        public terminateTraining(android.view.View)

org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining$1  (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_g$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining$Exception  (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_n)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining$PlaceholderFragment        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_g$u)
===============================================================================
  c                    static access$400(org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining$PlaceholderFragment)
  d                    private unregisterBroadcastReceiver()
  d                    static access$200(org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining$PlaceholderFragment,android.view.View,org.hiittimer.enums.TrainingAction)
  f                    private disableStopTrainingButton()
  h                    private selectTrainingActionText(org.hiittimer.enums.TrainingAction)
  n                    private restoreSavedInstanceState(android.os.Bundle,android.view.View)
  n                    private setCurrentRoundRoundActionTextViewText(android.view.View,org.hiittimer.enums.TrainingAction)
  o                    private setRoundRemainingTimeTextViewText(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  p                    private registerBroadcastReceiver()
  r                    private setCurrentRoundRoundIdTextViewText(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  r                    private getBackgroundColor(org.hiittimer.enums.TrainingAction)
  t                    static access$300(org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining$PlaceholderFragment)
  t                    static access$100(org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining$PlaceholderFragment,android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  u                    private setText(android.view.View,float)
  w                    static access$000(org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining$PlaceholderFragment,android.view.View,java.lang.String)
  y                    private setTextSizes()
  z                    private setupFragmentWhenTrainingHasEnded()
  onActivityCreated    public onActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateView         public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  onPause              public onPause()
  onResume             public onResume()
  onSaveInstanceState  public onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)

org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining$PlaceholderFragment$Exception      (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.CurrentTraining$PlaceholderFragment$OnTickReceiver (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_g$u$m)
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan   (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_w)
===============================================================================
  a                        private areTrainingPlanFieldsCorrect()
  a                        private createAndShowRoundAlertDialog(org.hiittimer.database.generated.Round,boolean)
  b                        static access$300(org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan)
  eval_w                   static access$200(org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan)
  eval_x                   private createAndShowErrorDialog()
  j                        private roundsAdapterUpdate()
  k                        private updateTrainingPlan()
  k                        static access$000(org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan)
  k                        static access$400(org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan,org.hiittimer.database.generated.Round,boolean)
  n                        private getDaoSession()
  p                        public saveUpdateTrainingPlan(android.view.View)
  v                        static access$100(org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan)
  addNewRound              public addNewRound(android.view.View)
  onBackPressed            public onBackPressed()
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onSaveInstanceState      protected onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)

org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$1 (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_w$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$2 (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_w$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$3 (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_w$3)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$NullPointerException      (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_z)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment       (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_w$p)
===============================================================================
  d                        private setupRoundsList()
  d                        private contextualMenuDeleteAction(org.hiittimer.database.generated.Round)
  f                        private recalculateRoundsNumbers(org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan)
  g                        private setupTrainingPlanData()
  l                        private showHelpDialog()
  u                        private isHelpDialogToBeShown()
  onActivityCreated        public onActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  onContextItemSelected    public onContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onCreateContextMenu      public onCreateContextMenu(android.view.ContextMenu,android.view.View,android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  onCreateView             public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  onResume                 public onResume()

org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment$1     (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_w$p$1)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment$2     (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_w$p$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment$3     (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_w$p$3)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

org.hiittimer.EditTrainingPlan$PlaceholderFragment$NullPointerException  (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_d)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.HIITTimerApplication       (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_u)
===============================================================================
  e        public getDaoSession()
  g        private setupCreateNewTrainingHelpDialog(android.content.SharedPreferences)
  j        private setupTrainingPlansHelpDialog(android.content.SharedPreferences)
  p        private setupPreferences()
  onCreate public onCreate()

org.hiittimer.HIITTimerApplication$Exception     (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.MainActivity
===============================================================================
  onBackPressed            public onBackPressed()
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  preferences              public preferences(android.view.View)
  trainingPlans            public trainingPlans(android.view.View)

org.hiittimer.MainActivity$ArrayOutOfBoundsException     (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.MainActivity$PlaceholderFragment   (org.hiittimer.MainActivity$u)
===============================================================================
  onCreateView public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)

org.hiittimer.PreferencesActivity        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_i)
===============================================================================
  onCreate protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)

org.hiittimer.PreferencesActivity$IOException    (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.PreferencesActivity$PreferencesFragment    (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_i$k)
===============================================================================
  onCreate                     public onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onPause                      public onPause()
  onResume                     public onResume()
  onSharedPreferenceChanged    public onSharedPreferenceChanged(android.content.SharedPreferences,java.lang.String)

org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans      (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_l)
===============================================================================
  c                        static access$000(org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans)
  o                        private setupTrainingPlanArray()
  q                        private getDaoSession()
  createNewTraining        public createNewTraining(android.view.View)
  onBackPressed            public onBackPressed()
  onCreate                 protected onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
  onCreateOptionsMenu      public onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
  onOptionsItemSelected    public onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onResume                 protected onResume()

org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans$ParseException       (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans$PlaceholderFragment  (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_l$w)
===============================================================================
  b                        private contextualMenuStartAction(org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlan)
  eval_t                   private startCurrentTrainingService(org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlan)
  i                        private contextualMenuEditAction(org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlan)
  j                        private showHelpDialog()
  l                        private startCurrentTrainingActivity(org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlan)
  r                        private startCurrentTraining(org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlan)
  s                        private isHelpDialogToBeShown()
  s                        private contextualMenuDeleteAction(org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlan,org.hiittimer.adapters.TrainingPlanArrayAdapter)
  w                        private showTrainingAlreadyRunningAlertDialog()
  z                        private setupTrainingPlanList()
  onActivityCreated        public onActivityCreated(android.os.Bundle)
  onContextItemSelected    public onContextItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem)
  onCreateContextMenu      public onCreateContextMenu(android.view.ContextMenu,android.view.View,android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo)
  onCreateView             public onCreateView(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.view.ViewGroup,android.os.Bundle)
  onResume                 public onResume()

org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans$PlaceholderFragment$1        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_l$w$1)
===============================================================================
  run  public run()

org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans$PlaceholderFragment$2        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_l$w$2)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans$PlaceholderFragment$3        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_l$w$3)
===============================================================================
  onItemClick  public onItemClick(android.widget.AdapterView,android.view.View,int,long)

org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans$PlaceholderFragment$4        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_l$w$4)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans$PlaceholderFragment$5        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_l$w$5)
===============================================================================
  onClick  public onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)

org.hiittimer.TrainingPlans$PlaceholderFragment$ParseException   (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.adapters.RoundArrayAdapter (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_f)
===============================================================================
  getView  public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)

org.hiittimer.adapters.RoundArrayAdapter$1       (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_f$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.adapters.RoundArrayAdapter$NullPointerException    (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_s)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.adapters.RoundArrayAdapter$ViewHolder      (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_f$k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.adapters.RoundBeanArrayAdapter     (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval__)
===============================================================================
  getView  public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)

org.hiittimer.adapters.RoundBeanArrayAdapter$1   (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval__$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.adapters.RoundBeanArrayAdapter$Exception   (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_a)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.adapters.RoundBeanArrayAdapter$ViewHolder  (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval__$f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.adapters.TrainingPlanArrayAdapter  (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_o)
===============================================================================
  getView  public getView(int,android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup)

org.hiittimer.adapters.TrainingPlanArrayAdapter$1        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_o$1)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.adapters.TrainingPlanArrayAdapter$ParseException   (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.adapters.TrainingPlanArrayAdapter$ViewHolder       (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_o$x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.beans.RoundBean    (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval__6)
===============================================================================
  h                public getWorkInSeconds()
  h                public setWorkInSeconds(java.lang.Integer)
  i                public setRestInSeconds(java.lang.Integer)
  j                public getNumber()
  m                public getRestInSeconds()
  p                public setNumber(java.lang.Integer)
  describeContents public describeContents()
  equals           public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode         public hashCode()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

org.hiittimer.beans.RoundBean$1  (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval__6$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

org.hiittimer.beans.RoundBean$Exception  (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_s6)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.beans.RoundBeanUtils       (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_zi)
===============================================================================
  c    public static calculateRoundNumber(java.util.List)
  m    public static recalculateRoundsNumbers(java.util.List)
  v    public static convert(org.hiittimer.beans.RoundBean)

org.hiittimer.beans.RoundBeanUtils$Exception     (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_ji)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.beans.TrainingPlanBean     (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_cr)
===============================================================================
  b                public getGetReadyTimeInSeconds()
  l                public setGetReadyTimeInSeconds(java.lang.Integer)
  o                public setName(java.lang.String)
  r                public getName()
  describeContents public describeContents()
  equals           public equals(java.lang.Object)
  hashCode         public hashCode()
  writeToParcel    public writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)

org.hiittimer.beans.TrainingPlanBean$1   (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_cr$1)
===============================================================================
  createFromParcel public createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public newArray(int)
  createFromParcel public volatile createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
  newArray         public volatile newArray(int)

org.hiittimer.beans.TrainingPlanBean$ArrayOutOfBoundsException   (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_mn)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.beans.TrainingPlanBeanUtils        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_hx)
===============================================================================
  w    public static convert(org.hiittimer.beans.TrainingPlanBean)

org.hiittimer.beans.TrainingPlanBeanUtils$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_r0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.database.generated.DaoMaster       (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_up)
===============================================================================
  b            public static createAllTables(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase,boolean)
  newSession   public newSession()
  newSession   public newSession(de.greenrobot.dao.identityscope.IdentityScopeType)
  u            public static dropAllTables(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase,boolean)
  newSession   public volatile newSession()
  newSession   public volatile newSession(de.greenrobot.dao.identityscope.IdentityScopeType)

org.hiittimer.database.generated.DaoMaster$DevOpenHelper (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_up$b)
===============================================================================
  onUpgrade    public onUpgrade(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase,int,int)

org.hiittimer.database.generated.DaoMaster$OpenHelper    (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_up$v)
===============================================================================
  onCreate public onCreate(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase)

org.hiittimer.database.generated.DaoMaster$ParseException        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_ax)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.database.generated.DaoSession      (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_ru)
===============================================================================
  h    public clear()
  k    public getRoundDao()
  w    public getTrainingPlanDao()

org.hiittimer.database.generated.DaoSession$IOException  (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_e4)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.database.generated.Round   (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_p6)
===============================================================================
  c        public setRestInSeconds(int)
  d        public setId(java.lang.Long)
  eval_c   public getNumber()
  f        public getTrainingPlanId()
  m        public setNumber(java.lang.Integer)
  n        public getId()
  p        public setTrainingPlanId(long)
  r        public setWorkInSeconds(int)
  t        public getRestInSeconds()
  z        public getWorkInSeconds()

org.hiittimer.database.generated.Round$IOException       (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_mh)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.database.generated.RoundDao        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_uv)
===============================================================================
  d                    protected updateKeyAfterInsert(org.hiittimer.database.generated.Round,long)
  f                    public _queryTrainingPlan_Rounds(long)
  j                    public static createTable(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase,boolean)
  m                    protected bindValues(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteStatement,org.hiittimer.database.generated.Round)
  m                    public getKey(org.hiittimer.database.generated.Round)
  readEntity           public readEntity(android.database.Cursor,int)
  readKey              public readKey(android.database.Cursor,int)
  v                    public readEntity(android.database.Cursor,org.hiittimer.database.generated.Round,int)
  y                    public static dropTable(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase,boolean)
  bindValues           protected volatile bindValues(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteStatement,java.lang.Object)
  getKey               public volatile getKey(java.lang.Object)
  isEntityUpdateable   protected isEntityUpdateable()
  readEntity           public volatile readEntity(android.database.Cursor,int)
  readEntity           public volatile readEntity(android.database.Cursor,java.lang.Object,int)
  readKey              public volatile readKey(android.database.Cursor,int)
  updateKeyAfterInsert protected volatile updateKeyAfterInsert(java.lang.Object,long)

org.hiittimer.database.generated.RoundDao$ArrayOutOfBoundsException      (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_jm)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.database.generated.RoundDao$Properties     (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_uv$x)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlan    (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_ae)
===============================================================================
  c        public delete()
  e        public setName(java.lang.String)
  eval_b   public getRounds()
  eval_i   public refresh()
  h        public getName()
  l        public getGetReadyTimeInSeconds()
  n        public __setDaoSession(org.hiittimer.database.generated.DaoSession)
  o        public update()
  o        public setGetReadyTimeInSeconds(int)
  r        public synchronized resetRounds()
  t        public setId(java.lang.Long)
  u        public getId()

org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlan$NullPointerException       (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_kk)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlanDao (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_z6)
===============================================================================
  j                    public static dropTable(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase,boolean)
  o                    public readEntity(android.database.Cursor,org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlan,int)
  p                    protected updateKeyAfterInsert(org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlan,long)
  readEntity           public readEntity(android.database.Cursor,int)
  readKey              public readKey(android.database.Cursor,int)
  s                    public getKey(org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlan)
  t                    public static createTable(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase,boolean)
  t                    protected bindValues(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteStatement,org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlan)
  z                    protected attachEntity(org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlan)
  attachEntity         protected volatile attachEntity(java.lang.Object)
  bindValues           protected volatile bindValues(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteStatement,java.lang.Object)
  getKey               public volatile getKey(java.lang.Object)
  isEntityUpdateable   protected isEntityUpdateable()
  readEntity           public volatile readEntity(android.database.Cursor,int)
  readEntity           public volatile readEntity(android.database.Cursor,java.lang.Object,int)
  readKey              public volatile readKey(android.database.Cursor,int)
  updateKeyAfterInsert protected volatile updateKeyAfterInsert(java.lang.Object,long)

org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlanDao$IOException     (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_wb)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlanDao$Properties      (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_z6$k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.enums.TrainingAction       (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_ps)
===============================================================================
  valueOf  public static valueOf(java.lang.String)
  values   public static values()

org.hiittimer.enums.TrainingAction$Exception     (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_vf)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.hiittimer.BuildConfig      (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_ks)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.hiittimer.BuildConfig$NullPointerException (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_n9)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$NullPointerException   (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_do)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$array  (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$attr   (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$f)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$dimen  (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$g)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$drawable       (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$r)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$id     (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$v)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$integer        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$h)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$layout (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$k)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$menu   (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$j)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$raw    (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$o)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$string (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$eval_p)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$style  (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$eval_b)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.hiittimer.R$xml    (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_op$eval_n)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.services.CurrentRoundService       (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_lf)
===============================================================================
  a                private isAudioEnabled()
  b                private recoverTime()
  c                private prepareToAction()
  d                private getVolume()
  e                private broadcastRoundDoneMessage()
  g                private isTimeToReproduceSound(long)
  h                private setupRound(android.content.Intent)
  h                private performCycle(int,org.hiittimer.enums.TrainingAction)
  k                private performRound()
  q                private playCountdownSound(long)
  u                private checkForValidTime(long,long)
  v                private hasCycleTimeElapsed(int)
  w                private setupSoundPool()
  z                public static isRunning()
  z                private sendTickBroadcastMessage(int,org.hiittimer.enums.TrainingAction)
  onDestroy        public onDestroy()
  onHandleIntent   protected onHandleIntent(android.content.Intent)

org.hiittimer.services.CurrentRoundService$ParseException        (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_k0)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.services.CurrentTrainingService    (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y0)
===============================================================================
  b                public static isRunning()
  b                static access$200(org.hiittimer.services.CurrentTrainingService)
  d                private registerPhoneStateListener()
  eval_e           private setupRoundDataBundle()
  eval_k           private listenToPhoneState(int)
  eval_p           private stopNotification()
  eval_w           private performRound()
  f                private updateCurrentRoundActivityWhenTrainingIsTerminatedByACall()
  f                public setTrainingPlan(org.hiittimer.database.generated.TrainingPlan)
  i                private showNotification()
  j                static access$100(org.hiittimer.services.CurrentTrainingService)
  l                private getDaoSession()
  o                public getTrainingPlanId()
  p                private stopCurrentRoundService()
  q                private updateCurrentRoundActivity(android.os.Bundle)
  r                private updateCurrentRoundActivityWhenTrainingIsFinished()
  t                public getCurrentRoundId()
  u                public getTrainingPlan()
  v                private trainingNotification()
  w                public setTrainingPlanId(java.lang.Long)
  y                public setCurrentRoundId(long)
  y                static access$000(org.hiittimer.services.CurrentTrainingService)
  onBind           public onBind(android.content.Intent)
  onCreate         public onCreate()
  onDestroy        public onDestroy()
  onStartCommand   public onStartCommand(android.content.Intent,int,int)

org.hiittimer.services.CurrentTrainingService$1  (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y0$1)
===============================================================================
  onCallStateChanged   public onCallStateChanged(int,java.lang.String)

org.hiittimer.services.CurrentTrainingService$NullPointerException       (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_q8)
===============================================================================
  No methods

org.hiittimer.services.CurrentTrainingService$OnTickFinishedReceiver     (org.hiittimer.hiittimer.eval_y0$v)
===============================================================================
  onReceive    public onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of Fields : 287
  Renamed to eval_j :  12 (4.2%)
  Renamed to eval_a :  10 (3.5%)
  Renamed to eval_c :  10 (3.5%)
  Renamed to eval_d :   8 (2.8%)
  Renamed to eval_m :   8 (2.8%)
  Renamed to eval_n :   8 (2.8%)
  Renamed to eval_p :   8 (2.8%)
  Renamed to eval_r :   8 (2.8%)
  Renamed to eval_u :   8 (2.8%)
  Renamed to eval_x :   8 (2.8%)

Number of Methods : 299
  Renamed to b :   9 (3.0%)
  Renamed to d :   9 (3.0%)
  Renamed to t :   9 (3.0%)
  Renamed to f :   8 (2.7%)
  Renamed to j :   8 (2.7%)
  Renamed to m :   8 (2.7%)
  Renamed to o :   8 (2.7%)
  Renamed to p :   8 (2.7%)
  Renamed to r :   8 (2.7%)
  Renamed to w :   8 (2.7%)

